 Lagos – A siwaju Bola Tinubu, a former governor of Lagos State and national leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), on Thursday hit at Nigeria’s major opposition party, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), saying the party would never return to power. Tinubu, who made the remarks while speaking at the 10th Bola Tinubu Colloquium, an event held to mark his 66th birthday, also urged Nigerians not to accept the apology offered by the PDP earlier this week. He said the APC would continue to talk about how the party mismanaged the country’s wealth in the last 16 years in order to enlighten Nigerians. Speaking on the performance of the ruling party so far, Tinubu, who claimed that the party never said fundamental and sustainable reforms would be easy, added that the party, under the leadership of President Muhammadu Buhari, had judiciously maximised the scarce resources of the country by investing in the electorate who voted the party into power as evidenced in the social investment programmes of the Federal Government. “When we came in, we came in with a whole lot of hope as APC leaders, several discussions with diplomatic corps, with foreign dignitaries, putting heads together, thinking and believing in ourselves that we can change Nigeria for good. “We were strongly determined that we will do it. We gave our people the confidence and the hope. We believe in ourselves. We believe in Nigeria and we are still going to do it. “Life is not interesting without challenges. We didn’t come as a political party showing our logo as honey and sugar. “Our logo is broom, bunched together, united Nigeria focuses against terrorism, corruption, and promote economic revival of the country, investing in people. “I can see what the government is doing with so little but they are clever. The fact that they are doing it, the fact that there are beneficiaries, the fact that it is demonstrated in practical terms, is what we need to get our country from the throat of corrupt officers. “They said don’t talk about it. What should we talk about? That we came in to play chess. We saw your thievery and stealing and looting and we say ‘okay, you can continue the same way, let’s join you. It is because we are against you. We won’t encourage you. And if we are not talking about it, what is the lesson to all Nigerians. Forget those parties, they won’t come back. “There is no nation without challenges. Even America is facing challenges. “We didn’t say we will not be challenged, but we have to report to millions of Nigerians who voted for us that this is what we find and we are not going to keep silent, no matter how twisting the minds of PDP and their supporters may be. “We will keep talking about it. You looted, you wasted our resources. You did not do what you promised.” Tinubu also took a swipe at former President Olusegun Obasanjo over his recent letter castigating the performance of President Buhari. Describing Obasanjo’s letter as ‘bad belle’ letter, he said he would address the issues at a later date. He also frowned at those comparing the APC to the PDP, saying the difference between the two parties is like night and day. “Thank you Nigerians for being patient with us. There is a clear understanding here. There is a difference between us and them; night day. “I want the Economic Minister to give us a data first quarter of year 2012 and for their 16 years. “I remember my grandmother used to send me to a letter writer at the Post Office of those days and at the magistrate court. “So, somebody who is writing letter these days, a letter of politics – as if they’ve never been there before. Bad belle letters. I don’t want to address that for today. “I am happy the president has changed the course of this ship wreckage, the ship of this country that is headed in a wrong direction. “To steer the ship back on anchor before the final crash. It was but necessary and we started this journey. “The voyage is on. The voyage of hope, the voyage that we are reclaiming Nigeria. “We are retooling Nigeria, we are reinventing Nigeria, we are redirecting Nigeria. It is not an easy course to embark on. “Dear Nigerians, don’t take their apology. They lied, they falsified, they changed figures. “For 16 years, they made false promises, gave us fake figures and they said don’t talk about it. “It is like when you catch a thief and he says, ‘don’t look at me, go and steal your own’. “We are not taking that. We have a nation to rescue. We have a good leader to emulate, we have hope,” he added. In his remark, President Muhammadu Buhari described Tinubu as a humanitarian and political strategist who had invested in a lot of people and was committed to the progress of the country and Africa. “I am happy to be here with you to celebrate with you the birthday of my friend…, Bola Ahmed Tinubu. “I call on all Nigerians to join me in celebrating this man. Asiwaju is widely known as a political strategist. “I call on Nigerians to join me to celebrate Asiwaju, a man who is widely known as a political strategist and I have come to see him as a man who cares about people and is a fountain of ideas for the economy and for the common man and woman.” Vice President Yemi Osinbajo in his address said he was proud to have garnered experience in public service under the tutelage of Tinubu when he was governor of Lagos State. He noted that it was during that period the foundation of development currently ongoing in Lagos was laid. He particular alluded to the concept of the Land Use Charge which Tinubu’s administration initiated, saying that despite the challenges and dissenting voices, he (Tinubu) successfully defended it, a move which, according to him, made Lagos better for it. In his welcome address, Governor Ambode said Tinubu’s era as governor of Lagos, from 1999 to 2007, showed the depth of his governance capacity, adding that he had over the years sustained his relevance in the nation’s polity. “After his gubernatorial years, he has continued to show pivotal leadership, particularly on the national stage. “It is not for nothing that he is acknowledged for his defining role in the emergence of a progressive political party in Nigeria,” the governor said. He said there was no better birthday present that his friends and well-wishers could give to him as befitting what the theme of this year colloquium has epitomised, saying that Tinubu’s legacy was built around his capacity to invest in people. The event, which held at the Eko Expo Hall of the Eko Hotel and Suites, had in attendance state governors, members of the National Assembly, members of the diplomatic corps, traditional rulers, political and religious leaders and several dignitaries too numerous to mention. Conspicuously absent, however, was Chief John Odigie-Oyegun, embattled National Chairman of APC; Bukola Saraki, Senate President, who was represented by Senator Ahmad Lawan, Majority Leader of the Senate, and Yakubu Dogara, Speaker of the House of Representatives. The post PDP Will Never Return To Power, Tinubu Boasts
appeared first on Independent Newspapers Nigeria. PDP Will Never Return To Power, Tinubu Boasts