 These are five things we learnt as Manchester City beat Chelsea 1-0 on Sunday. Manchester City went an inch closer to the Premier League title following a 1-0 win over Chelsea at the Etihad on Sunday, March 4. These are five things we learnt from the game. Much has been said about the way Manchester City play and move the ball around. Manchester City had 77% possession while Chelsea managed just 23%. While they have been admired for the Manchester City’s playing style and the way they dominate the game, not much has been said about their off-the-ball work. Against Chelsea, they showed that again, everyone pressed when they were not in possession. From Sergio Aguero to Bernardo Silva and Kevin de Bruyne. In recent big games this season, Antonio Conte has ignored his traditional strikers, opting to play Eden Hazard as a false No 9. While the quality of Hazard cannot be questioned, the false No.9 has simply not worked. Against Barcelona, Hazard was quiet and that happened again in the 1-0 loss to City on Sunday. In the first half, Hazard had just 12 touches, which shows that he wasn’t in the game. Silva cost Manchester City £43.5 last summer after an impressive season at Monaco where he won the Ligue 1 and got to the semi-finals of the Champions League. However, he did not get a good start at the Etihad and was limited to a number of substitute appearances. It also seemed that he wasn’t going to get his chance at all as City were linked with the likes of Alexis Sanchez and Mirad Mahrez.  City however, missed their targets and fortunately for them,  Silva has finally come to the party. He opened Champions League goal account for City in February and in just a week, has scored against Arsenal and Chelsea. After a shaky start to his Chelsea career after joining from Roma in a £27m deal, Antonio Rudiger is finally showing his class with his impressive performance against Manchester City. Indeed the 25-year-old has had a decent first season at Chelsea but he still had his doubters. With his performance against Manchester City, the doubters will be few. He was strong in tackles, hassled the Manchester City forwards and was very physical. The left-back position at Manchester City has been a headache for Pep Guardiola. His big signing from Monaco last year Benjamin Mendy is out of the season while Fabian Delph who had excelled in that role is also injured. With Danilo still not very convincing, Pep has turned to youth. Against Chelsea, he started 21-year-old Oleksandr Zinchenko against Chelsea, turning to youth again. Guardiola has splashed huge cash at City prompting criticisms that he has abandoned the youth system. But with Zinchenko, the manager has a young player he trusts. After making his debut in a League Cup game in October, Zinchenko has had a run of games. He impressed against Chelsea and was very composed later even after a yellow card. Manchester City 1 Vs 0 Chelsea: 5 things we learnt from Sunday’s Premier League clash