 Some of the candidates in separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos expressed hope of getting  placement in prestigious tertiary institutions. Some of the candidates in separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos expressed hope of getting  placement in prestigious tertiary institutions. However, some others expressed fear that the admission process could be compromised. Ismail Tajudeen, a candidate at the Connection Computer Institute, in Ojo Town near Lagos commended the process. “The examination was in order and the organisers did a good job. “I did not witness any incident of cheating or rowdiness and I am hopeful of positive results,’’ he said. Michael Ogu, another candidate from the same centre said,“The examination centre here is very conducive, the computers are great and with the way I prepared for the examination, I’m sure to succeed.’’ . Joan David, a candidate at the Career Building Academy, Ijanikin, expressed fear at the transparency of the process. “I am a bit scared about the examination because; last year, I was confident that I would do well, but when the results came out, I did not score enough points to secure admission,’’ she said. At the Lagooz Secondary School Centre in Agege, Mr Hakeem Balogun, a parent commended the peaceful conduct of the examination. “I am impressed at the organisation here. “I have confidence in JAMB and I am sure that my daughter will do very well in the examination. “She passed last year but she was not of age,’’ Balogun said. Another parent at the centre, Mrs Biola Omoba, told NAN that she could boldly say that “JAMB is improving every day’’. “The atmosphere here is peaceful, no incidents of malpractices or hooliganism; I am impressed,’’ she said. Mr Moshood Momoh, a  supervisor,p with JAMB corroborated the parents’ views, saying that the examinations had been peaceful so far. “Generally, the examination has been peaceful and we have not experienced any ugly incidents. “We have three sessions per day, and each session accommodates 250 candidates. “So far, the turn-out has been impressive, absentees is less than one per cent,’’ Momoh said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the examination which started on March 9 across the country, with an estimated 1.6 million registered candidates, ends on Monday, March 19. UTME 2018: Hope, apprehension as exams winds down The Police have arrested two men in Lagos for allegedly engaging in an illegal registration of candidates for the Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME). The Lagos State Coordinator of the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), Mr Sunday Aladegbaye, confirmed the arrest in an interview with newsmen on Sunday in… January 14, 2018 In "News" No fewer than 50 prison inmates will sit for the 2018 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME), according to an official. The Principal, Ikoyi Prisons School, Mr Idris Ibikunle, disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Lagos. According to him, the school has prepared the inmates… December 14, 2017 In "News" The board’s Head, Media and Information, Dr Fabian Benjamin said this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos. The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) on Sunday said the much anticipated conduct of the 2018 Mock Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) would now hold on… February 18, 2018 In "News"