 Solange Knowles talks reinventing herself on her own terms and her triumphant return to the art world in Billboard interview. Known for her offbeat style and for walking to the beat of her own drum, the Houston native posed in a black and white contemporary ensemble that featured puffy sleeves and unzipped knee-high boot-heels. Solange left her bleached afro blown out and accentuated her natural beauty with minimal makeup. Beyonce's younger sister has always been the polar opposite to her superstar sibling and it's only in recent years that Solange has begun to bask in her uniqueness. This profound self-acceptance resulted in her biggest piece of work date, her number 1 album, 'A Seat at the Table'. Speaking to Billboard about her celebrity status, the 31-year-old singer said: 'I’m clear within myself that I’m not interested in entertainment at this moment,' when asked about her professional focus. That might change. There might be a moment where I decide, "Hey, I love the game." For right now, I’m not [there].' ALSO READ: Queen B posts stunning and stylish new photos on Instagram ALSO READ: Why do so many adults hate on Blue Ivy? ALSO READ: Beyonce's daughter sparks debate on children wearing heels Earlier this month, the talented artist was named Harvard Foundation artist of the year. Solange told Billboard that the award was a 'colossal honour'. She said: 'I didn’t come from a line of college-educated women. I feel so humbled and appreciative, [having been] an 18-year-old teenage mother who didn’t go to college, who always had to explore academia on her own.' The actress also revealed that she is currently working on new music all over the word: 'I’ve been working in Laurel Canyon, Topanga Canyon and Jamaica. I actually have been following Joni Mitchell. It has been really wild. The house that I was just recording in [in] Jamaica, I stayed there for four days. And then the last day, the owner was like, "You know that mural that’s downstairs in the spare bedroom that the engineer booth is in? Joni Mitchell painted that."' Solange Knowles: Singer stars in eccentric shoot for the cover of Billboard magazine