 Anto gets evicted, Miracle and Nina allegedly have sex, two evicted housemates, including disqualified Khloe and K.Brule stand a chance to return to the house: [Day 49 recap]. Check out a recap of day 49, including social media reactions On Sunday, March 18, Anto, who was up for possible eviction was evicted after she got the least votes. She was up against Miracle, Tobi, Cee-C, Lolu, Teddy A, Alex and Bambam. In an unexpected twist, Ebuka Obi Uchendu announced that this week, the public will be voting to bring back two of their favourite evicted Housemates. The eligible Housemates are: Anto, Leo, IfuEnnada, Ahneeka, Angel, Princess, Bitto, Vandora, Dee-One, Khloe and K.Brule. The two Housemates that make it back into the House next week will be returning as individuals. They will compete for the prize until they are voted out according to the normal proceedings of the season. Tobi’s joy of finally having a diary session after having been excluded for not answering Biggie's call was short lived when a clip of him talking to Lolu and Anto about Cee-C was played back for the entire House to see. Biggie summed up the conversation as a conspiracy. That, plus the ignored summon resulted to two strikes for Tobi. The housemates wagered 100% this week. They were asked to create an interesting musical for their Wager Finale. The theme for the week was 'Silly' and Biggie said he was entertained as he announced that they had won their wager. Tobi and Rico were announced as winners of the Nokia Task. They have won 2 million naira, the Nokia 8 Bothie phones and shopping vouchers.  There's a clip of Miracle and Nina allegedly having sex after the eviction show. The video is not explicit, so it's unclear what happened beneath the sheets. What was your favourite part of the day? There are currently 9 contestants battling for the 45 million naira grand prize. With 49 days gone, the housemates have 36 more days to spend in the Big Brother Naija house. Big Brother Naija: Two evicted housemates to return to #BBNaija house, Tobi gets two strikes [Day 49 recap]