 The presidential aide said this at a rally in Ado-Ekiti, the Ekiti state capital, where he declared his intention to run for Governor. According to the time table of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), the Ekiti state governorship election is scheduled to hold on July 14, 2018. Ojodu also said that he will bring better jobs to the state if he is elected as Governor. The presidential aide said this at a rally in Ado-Ekiti, the Ekiti state capital, where he declared his intention to run for Governor. He also said “Today, I declare my desire to be the next governor of our state. Today, I ask you to join me in bringing sense back to our government house. Today, I ask you to join me in bringing better jobs to the state. “I call on you indigenes and residents to join me aboard our train of progress. If you want a better life for your children, join us and let us make our state a pacesetter state. I know that the journey cannot be easy because we will have to climb mountains but our work will not be in vain. “It’s time to vote out corrupt leadership in the state; it’s time to say bye bye to Fayose and his useless government.” Ojodu promised to pay the salary of workers and allowances of pensioners promptly. ALSO READ: Students warn Fayose, threaten to shut down state capital “With the resources that this state is endowed with, why are we so poor? Why are we this broke and have become a laughing stock? Why has our land become a land of grief and pains? Can we continue like this? No, we cannot. This is the reason why I am telling you that the time has come to rescue our state from the oppressors and the time has come for the voices of our people to be heard,” he added. Meanwhile, Governor Ayodele Fayose expressed confidence that he will become the president of Nigeria in the future. According to the Governor, the ruling All Progressives' Congress (APC) has failed Nigerians and will be booted out in the 2019 general elections. Babafemi Ojudu: Buhari’s aide vows to probe Fayose if elected as Ekiti Governor