 Inaugurating the boards, Alhaji Ibrahim Jibril, the Minister of State for Environment, called for close working relationship to ensure guidance on application of Public Service Rules and Regulations. Inaugurating the boards, Alhaji Ibrahim Jibril, the Minister of State for Environment, called for close working relationship to ensure guidance on application of Public Service Rules and Regulations. Jibril said the ministry would ensure that plans and programmes of the agencies aligned with the objectives of government to deliver dividends of democracy to Nigerians. The minister said the governing boards’ main responsibility was to give policy direction to the management of institutions. He added that “board appointments are part time, as a result, the management of your agencies should be allowed to perform the day-to-day running of institutions without hindrance.” He said allowances and entitlements of board members would be guided by extant circulars. The minister reminded both the board members and management of the agencies of the present administration’s zero tolerance for corruption. “Government frowns at any form of corruption and would not hesitate to punish corrupt practices perpetrated by any board member or management team of these agencies,’’ he  said. Nakande Dasuki, the Board Chairman, National Biosafety Management Agency (NBMA) on behalf of the board members promised to add value to agencies they were appointed to work with. He said “we assure you to do the needful and strictly adhere to management policies to achieve the mandate of the agencies.” In Abuja: Ministry of Environment inaugurates boards of parastatals, agencies Abuja – Sen. Chris Ngige, Minister of Labour and Employment on Friday told Prof. Stephen Ocheni, the new Labour Minister of State, that the Ministry would rely on his experience to improve and deliver on its 2018 budget.R-L; Minister of Interior, Lt Gen Abdulrhaman Dambazau, Minister of Trade, Investment &… August 18, 2017 In "News" Senator Chris Ngige, the Minister of Labour and Employment, has urged organised Labour to harp on the social security opportunities in the Employees Compensation Acts (ECA) while advocating the interests of Nigerian workers. He also advised ministries, departments and agencies to cooperate among themselves towards the realisation of government objectives. The minister… August 1, 2017 In "News" Abuja – The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, has said that as far as Federal Government appointments to public offices and key positions are concerned, the era of “godfatherism’’ is over. : Minister for Information, Alhaji Lai Mohammed briefing journalists on the prosciption of all activities of… September 24, 2017 In "News"