 Donald Trump Jr. sure appeared to have a fun day of campaigning for Republican Rick Saccone Monday.  Donald Trump Jr. had a fun day of campaigning for Republican Rick Saccone on Monday just a day before the special election for Pennsylvania's 18th Congressional District. President Donald Trump's eldest son was cracking jokes at a pretzel factory, photographed appearing to give an interview to chocolate Easter bunnies, and ate a heaping serving of ice cream along Pittsburgh's exurbs. Trump Jr. sought to offer Saccone, a state legislator vying for an open seat against Democrat Conor Lamb, a former Marine and federal prosecutor, a bump before Election Day on Tuesday. A Monday poll from Monmouth University found Lamb leading Saccone in every turnout model it projected. Trump, who campaigned for Saccone on Saturday, carried the 18th district by 20 points in 2016. The president's eldest son said Republicans "just can’t take winning for granted." "They have to get out there, they have to continue this fight — now, for the rest of '18, in '20," he said. "In eight years, we can make a real difference. We just can't be lazy.” Trump Jr. and Saccone toured Sarris Candies — a prominent candy producer in the region — for about two hours, eating ice cream, interacting with employees, answering — and dodging — questions. Enjoying a bowl of ice cream, Trump Jr. attacked Lamb, saying, "We don't need people who are pretending to be conservative but will follow the mainstream and vote with [House Minority Leader] Nancy Pelosi and [Senate Minority Leader] Chuck Schumer." The two men wanted to highlight how the candy factory grew from 320 to 400 employees since the Republican tax overhaul passed, The Washington Post reported, adding that Trump Jr. said if he had "two scoops" of ice cream, "the media will call it a scandal." The president garnered attention last year when it was reported that he had two scoops of ice cream for desert while dinner guests were limited to one scoop. Trump Jr. asked employees making products that involved pretzel sticks "how many" they "eat on a given day." "Like Tony Montana, don't get high on your own supply,” he said, referencing the main character from the movie "Scarface." Trump Jr. dodged questions on the scandal surrounding porn star Stormy Daniels claiming an affair with the president and the ongoing investigation into Trump's supposed ties to Russia. Politics: Donald Trump Jr. just had an amazing day of campaigning in Pennsylvania