 Looking expensive doesn't have to break the bank. These tips will help you elevate your style for a fraction of the cost. Have you ever wondered how some women just look like money? These women can wear a simple white t-shirt with jeans and somehow look like they just stepped out of the pages of a magazine. It can be frustrating but it is not totally out of your reach. Here's how you too can look like a big of money with a purse full of pennies. As long as you have budgeted for it responsibly, a quality handbag is worth the investment. Look for one with a classic design (try a structured top-handle bag for the office and a cross-body bag for the weekend) in a neutral color. Once you have got your dream bag, keep it in top shape by re-stuffing them before storing. No outfit is complete without a luxe fragrance to match. Find a scent you love and apply it to your skin (never your clothing or hair) at major pulse points. Heat rises, so it’s important to apply perfume to points on the lower half of your body in addition to places like your wrists, elbows, and the nape of the neck. For a scent that lasts, spritz your ankles, behind your knees, and between your thighs. To avoid mixing too many fragrances, treat your skin with an unscented moisturiser or almond oil before applying perfume. If you spot a loose thread, give it a snip. Need to get rid of pills on a sweater? Use a disposable razor to shave them away. Got a pulled thread? Gently stretch the fabric back into shape and use a sewing needle to push the snag through to the inside of the sweater. ALSO READ: Top 6 style influencers of the year A quick nip and tuck can make a cheap dress look custom made. You’ll want to make sure your new piece has the correct hem (the ankle or an inch below for jeans and trousers and right above the knee for most pencil skirts) and sleeve length (just below your wrist). When it comes to makeup, you’ll never go wrong with a dab of concealer, rosy cheeks, mascara, and a berry lip. And don’t forget your nails, no polish is better than chipped polish. Buy a steamer and get into the habit of giving your clothes a quick once-over before leaving the house. Wrinkles can even make expensive clothes look cheap. ALSO READ: Top 10 fashion brands of the year Never wear shoes that are all sorts of worn out. Even expensive shoes that are worn to the grown can cheapen your entire look. Keep shoes together with a trip to the shoe repair to replace heels or fix up scuffs when needed. It’s worth the investment! If you have some more expensive pieces that you just love but maybe don’t wear anymore because of fit, it may be worthwhile to take them to a tailor. Even if you purchase something you really love but the fit is slightly off, a piece that is custom fit to your body will always look more expensive. Fashion Tips: How to look expensive on a budget