 Here's a list of the best dressed, dapper gentlemen that graced this evening's red carpet. Jimmy Kimmel resumes his duties as the Academy Awards host for the second consecutive year. Kimmel famously hosted last year when an envelope mix-up initially (and mistakenly) resulted in "La La Land" being named the best picture winner over "Moonlight" at the 89th Academy Awards. The comedian, speaking on what an honour it was to be selected again, joked that 'If you think we screwed up the ending this year, wait until you see what we have planned for the 90th anniversary show!' ALSO READ: How Did 'The Shape of Water' Become the Film to Beat at the Oscars? Time's Up, the campaign to raise legal aid funds for victims of sexual assault, have confirmed that they will have a presence at this year's ceremony. Following the Golden Globes and Baftas, there will be extra scrutiny on the red carpet as to which celebrities choose to wear black in solidarity with the movement. ALSO READ: Was Blanca Blanco wrong to wear red? Black-tie attire is recommended, but black gowns are optional this time around. The women behind Time's Up against sexual harassment aren't planning an organised demonstration prior to the Oscars, but undoubtedly, all eyes will be on the Academy to address the allegations that have plagued Hollywood over the last few months and acknowledge the culture of sexual harassment in Hollywood and the Oscars, designed as a big commercial for Hollywood glamour, will be expected to address systemic problem of sexual harassment in show business. ''We think we have figured out a way to do it all," said Jennifer Todd, one of the lead producers of the show. In other words, the show must go on but we look forward to seeing how such a delicate issue is addressed over the course of the entire show. ALSO READ: The Duchess of Cambridge wore green instead of black and it had people a little confused With all eyes firmly placed on men in Hollywood for all the wrong reasons, we take a look at the few good men who walked the red carpet, impressed us with their sartorial choices and reminded us that not always do a few bad apples, spoil the bunch. Oscars 2018: Best dressed men on the Academy Awards red carpet