 According to the reports, Robinson alleged that he was manipulated into being paid less than his Indian co-actors. According to the reports, Robinson alleged that he was manipulated into being paid less than his Indian co-actors. The 19-year-old said, “I am saying this now because I cannot sit back and allow it happen to another helpless young black actor." Samuel who is the first Nigerian actor to play a lead role in an Indian movie, added: “I believe that I was a victim of racial discrimination while in Kerala. It was nothing violent or directly in my face but for my role in Sudani from Nigeria, the producers offered me far less money than the Indian actors who are not half as popular or accomplished as I am. READ ALSO: Akin Omotoso's "Colour of Wine" premieres at 8th edition [Photos] "I only became better enlightened after meeting several young actors and discussing payment with them. I am of the opinion that this happened purely because of my skin colour and the assumption that all Africans are poor and don't know the value of money," he wrote in a post he shared via Facebook. Throwing more light on the way newcomers are treated and how they are allegedly being cheated as regards payment, Samuel said that he was manipulated by the producers. “Promises were made to me by the producers while shooting to pay me more if the movie eventually becomes successful but no promise has been honoured and now I am back in Nigeria. I believe the promises were simply tools of manipulation to get me to eagerly commit the 5 months of availability for work being October, November, December 2017, January and March 2018 for the shoot and promotion of the movie. READ ALSO: Kate Henshaw, Jemima Osunde talk favourite scene, what to expect and challenges during shoot "The movie is a huge commercial success now and I am grateful for all the love that the fans have shown me and I have been privileged to experience the warm culture of Kerala but I can no longer suffer in silence about this. As I am black, it is my responsibility to speak up because it could ease the suffering of the next generation of black actors. Say no to racial or caste discrimination,” he wrote. However, the actor only had wonderful things to say about the director Zakariya, who according to Samuel, “did his best to help but as he was not financing the movie himself, there was very little change he could foster”. Samuel added that the writer-director was a “good guy with a good heart and a brilliant director”. In another post shared on the social medium by the actor, two hours after his initial post, Samual made it clear that he had not been subjected to racial discrimination by the people of Kerala and that he had been talking solely about the producers of the movie. READ ALSO: Blossom Chukwujekwu, Tope Oshin and Etim Effiong talk making of Nollywood film “I do not think that Kerala people are racist as I experienced no such racist treatment from the general Kerala public, I very much enjoyed my stay in Kerala, the culture, the Biryani and all. But I am offended and feel that it is unfair that I should have this much-unexpected scrutiny on my activity and general life without the cushion of decent financial payments, which could have easily been afforded by the producers." "Sudani From Nigeria" which was produced by noted cinematographers Samir Thahir and Shyju Khalid, centres on the hospitality of the Malappuram people with Football as its backdrop. The movie which was released on March 23, 2018, was written and directed by debutant Zakariya and was also well received by both critics and the box office. Samuel started his career in 2013 and has since appeared in several major productions such as Walt Disney's "Desperate Housewives Africa". Sudani From Nigeria: Samuel Abiola Robinson accuses movie producers of racism