 Oyewole Shadiat Halimat is the first born in a family of three,She is a first class graduate of the Federal University of Technology, Akure. She graduated as the best graduating student in the Mechanical Engineering department class 2015; A class which boasted over 110 students which I was a part of. below is her story as related by her. The history of sickness dated back to 2013, I have been having a recurring malaria and typhoid which kept keeping me out of school for most of the semesters but I kept my head high and struggled to keep my grades up during this time. I spent most of the time in school clinic and state hospital. On a fateful day at IDH (Mainland Hospital) we were asked to do some tests, returning back to the hospital we were asked to sit, all of a sudden I just fainted. They took me to one of the beds, at this point I don’t know anything that I was going on again. My dress has been changed, giving me injections and taking drugs. They had discovered that I have been suffering from abdominal tuberculosis all along. As I was treating the abdominal tuberculosis, they noticed I have had partial amnesia, that I could not talk, could not identify people, I discovered that my right hand and leg could not move properly again. During this treatment, I developed sore at the buttocks which I had to treat. The treatment continued, to help me remember who was who and what was what before I left the hospital. Since then till this very moment, my parents have spent all the money they have on me and right now the one time potential savior of the family turned to the one eating up the little resources the family has. During this time, some of my University colleagues have contributed to keep me on my feet. I had my Appendectomy operation in august 2015 and spent weeks for the operation to heal. I returned to school, a month after my stomach started developing pains and I started feeling weak by the day. Immediately I finished all I needed to do in school, I left for home. Three (3) months after I got home, I developed the stroke, this first thing was to call physiotherapist at home to check what was happening. Later the LASUTH (Lagos State University Teaching Hospital Ikeja) continues with different exercises and different tests which were carried out at Lasuth and ME Cure. The LUTH also carried out different exercises and tests for the treatment. I discovered a stroke treatment in the Institute of Neurological Discovery, Boca Raton, Florida. This treatment is a therapeutic intervention that can even heal people after years of the stroke. The INR accepts patients for treatment from all parts of the world, and has treated patients from Africa, Asia, Australia, Europe and South America, in addition to patients from the United States and Canada. The nurse gave me an approximate treatment fee which is $10,000 US Dollars. My parents and family members cannot afford this treatment and I want to appeal to everyone out there to please help me to get better by contributing towards this treatment cost.  God bless you as you contribute towards my getting better. Halimat needs to get this treatment as soon as possible so that she can get back on her feet to become the fecund Engineer and world changer she has always promised to be. It is sad to see her in this state and I hope we can get to save her. Thanks.  She needs your help with anything you can afford Click here to donate and help share with your friends too https://www.gofundme.com/save-halimat-from-stroke Her local account details