 Sandra is down on her luck, without job and money but someone is promising her job on one condition, sex for the job. I walked the long distance home as usual and just as I was about to get into my apartment, my landlord came calling, ranting about how he’s going to evict me in a week’s time if I don’t pay up and left, I got into the house dejectedly and settled down on the bed in my one room self contain apartment and pondered about the day’s dealings. I was still lost in thought when my phone rang and startled me back from space, it was my mother on the line and I know for sure that the call is just to ask for money. ALSO READ: Stealing sex in her dreams I answered on the second ring and just as I predicted someone was ill at home and funds are needed for treatment, I sat up after the call and decided to try one more time in another firm the next day.  I got to the firm an hour before my appointment and waited till it was time and they called me in. The manager asked me to wait and see him after the interview and I did, he told me that there was no vacancy left as the last spot was filled in by an eligible job seeker and that he could fix me up with something if I come down to his level which was letting him fuck me. I refused and left not without accepting his card which he offered in case I have a rethink, I got home and thought long and hard about it and decided to stick to my initial answer but the incessant call from my Landlord and my mum prompted me to change my mind and I called him to fix a date with him. The day came and I met him at the hotel restaurant for dinner after which we hung out at a nightclub before heading back to the hotel room, when we got in, he leaned in and kissed me, I let him kiss me for a while before kissing him back, he traced his hands to my boobs and squeezed gently, a moan escaping my lips. He continued kissing me and squeezing my boobs before stopping abruptly and led me to the bathroom. Once in he started undressing and I followed his cue, and got into the bathtub together, right there under the warm shower he came at me again and I settled into him more, he trailed his hand to my pussy and started flickering through it, the feeling was intriguing and I leaned more into him moaning into his mouth, I took my hand to his meat pack and started massaging. ALSO READ: Stealing sex in her dreams He was rock hard and I was fucking wet, he turned me and positioned me on all fours, he then knelt down and slammed into me without warning, he thrusted fiercely for some time and paused to bite my back gently. The nibbling on my back, turned me on the more and I pushed my ass into him more, he got the cue and started slamming hard into me holding on tight to my boobs, I was seeing stars and didn’t want the rounds of pleasure that I was getting to end. He had the energy of a stallion and I matched him strength with strength as I pushed into him more as he delivers each thrust, my walls contracted and I knew that I will soon cum, he noticed and slammed harder and deeper and before long I came hard and he continued thrusting my spasm of cum creating more lubrication for him. He pulled out of me and sat at the edge of the bathtub, I got the cue and straddled him, humping almost immediately, it was his turn to groan and he did justice to it, each time he taps my ass, I go harder on him. It wasn’t long his balls contracted and he shot spasm of cum inside of me. We had our shower and hit the bed, having two more rounds of sex before morning. I slept hard till the buzz of the telephone woke me up, apparently it was almost 12 and they were calling to know if I’d retain the room considering my host has checked out early in the morning. I looked around for an envelope of cash but found none, apparently I’ve been used for free and has nothing, absolutely nothing to show for it, no job, no money, nothing. ALSO READ: Stealing sex from her friend-zoned best friend Erotic Story/Marvis Dairies: Stealing sex from a fraudulent boss