 Altogether, 10 startups will participate in the final pitch day on Friday, March 02, 2018 at the Innovation stage of the SMW Lagos campus. Some of Nigeria’s most innovative early-stage businesses debuted as featured companies in the #LaunchedinAfrica Digital Demo space during the ongoing Social Media Week (SMW) Lagos 2018. AIDAHBOT Aidahbot is a chatbot-building company that provides a one-click chatbot solution for small and medium businesses to automate their sales, handle inquiries, and receive payment on Messenger. We leverage social media to take sales to where customers are. JARA MOBILE Jara rewards consumers with discounts to their favourite lifestyle brands when they make routine bill payments (such as airtime, electricity and cable TV), while helping brands turn those consumers to customers in a measurable way. SOSHALIFE LTD Soshalife was founded in 2014 by Omorodion Eguasa, Adetokunbo Akisanya and Oluwole Odulate with the goal of enhancing the way people socialise and share their ideas and passions by bringing those activities to their fingertips. VIBEOO MEDIA LTD Vibeoo is an online radio on demand platform that allows users discover, curate and broadcast great audio shows hosted by amazing creators anytime and anywhere. ZEBULLON DEVELOPERS NETWORK Zebullon is a global network of world class developers, designers, product managers and growth hackers, dedicated to closing the technology talent gap globally. These featured startups have been engaged in rigorous mentoring sessions and office hours with experts including; Collins Onuegbu, Claudine Moore, Tomi Davies and Nubi Kayode. Another set of five startups have been chosen from pitch competitions during the weeklong SMW Lagos 2018. Altogether, 10 startups will participate in the final pitch day on Friday, March 02, 2018 at the Innovation stage of the SMW Lagos campus. Judging the startups will be top VCs, Angels & Corporate Investors including; Yele Bademosi (Founding and Managing Partner at Microtraction), Tomi Davies (Founder, LAN and President ABAN), Seni Sulyman (Country Manager at Andela Nigeria), and Nkem Begho (Founder and CEO of Future-Soft). This is a featured post. SMW Lagos 2018: 10 startups to close out event at the #LaunchedInAfrica session on final pitch day