 Oral sex is one of the most pleasurable sex acts ever, with these amazing tips, you can take your oral sex game to an incredible level. With these amazing tips compiled by Cosmopolitan below, you can turbocharge your oral sex game. 1. Deepthroat isn’t compulsory  The truth about oral sex is that you have to pick what you’re good at, if you have gag-reflex then you shouldn’t do it. The most sensitive part of the penis is the tip, the head, it has a lot of nerve endings, so if you can stimulate that enough then you can give as pleasure as possible. If you cannot deepthroat, don’t do it. ALSO READ: 5 stupid myths that have become popular 2. He doesn’t have to cum for it to be good Oral sex sometimes is like an appetiser for sex, so if he doesn’t reach orgasm during oral sex then it can still be good. The oral sex can be an avenue to get each other incredibly aroused so that you can proceed to have the penetrative sex. 3. Talk about it Talking about what you want during sex is important, also during oral sex. For guys, they always hope for less teeth while some ladies don’t enjoy that much saliva down there. Communication is key, let your partner know what you like and vice versa as well. 4. You can switch off the light  Not everyone can leave their shyness about oral sex behind, if you don’t feel comfortable about giving head while the light is on, then switch it off. It can be mentally disturbing if it’s bright everywhere, the dark also helps concentrate on the what you’re doing. ALSO READ: 5 Things you should know before popping your cherry 5. You don’t have to swallow Forget what you see in porn movies, nobody has to swallow anyone’s cum. Before you feel so free that you can cum over her face or into her mouth. Speak to her, discuss the item before you take the leap and dump into her mouth. She doesn’t have to swallow your seed. 6. Switch the tactic While giving her oral sex, try to switch up the activity, you can lick for a while then suck for a while too, the sucking of the clitoris can increase pleasure, the intensity can be really good. 7. You can use your hands  There is the chance that after a while that you’ve been plunging your tongue everywhere down there, you can take a break with your mouth, and switch to your fingers. Switch between delicate touches and pressured touches, see which one she enjoys, make sure to use lubes while at it. ALSO READ: There is vacancy for sex doll tester that is worth up to N17m a year The Amazing Job! 7 amazing oral sex tips everyone should know