Project Alert, in partnership with Motherhood-in-style magazine amongst others while celebrating the 2018 International Women’s Day has urged survivors of domestic violence to stand tall and break the silence of domestic violence. Barrister Benjamin Odeh, Acting Executive Director, Project Alert, states  “ Like we all know, activities have commenced to commemorate the International Women’s Day. The theme for this year is “ Press for progress”. And this simply means what is the way forward. We have had enough of talking the talk; we now have to walk the talk. What have we done, or what are we doing to redress issues that have to do with the rights of women. Are we keeping silent or breaking the silence?” Odeh while speaking to victims of domestic violence further states “We all have roles to play regardless of where we are now or who we may be. Whether we like it or not, sexual/domestic violence is on the increase and must be curbed. Statistics as published by Mirabel centre shows that out of 2,000 cases brought to the centre, the victims of sexual abuse were between the ages of 0-17. And this is mind boggling.” Dr.Patricia  Chiegboka, Consultant  Clinical Psychologist, Nigerian Army Reference Hospital, Yaba states “ Women are the worst hit when it comes to domestic violence because we tend to be more dependent on our men. Every woman should take steps in ensuring that she is well equipped educationally and financially to be able to take up the slack in catering for her home in case of emergencies. If you do not have the wherewithal to go to school, then go for skills acquisition and learn a trade or two. “ “ No woman should see herself as tiny, even if you are not tall physically, you can grow an inch when you have great achievements. It is when a man sees you do not have something to do that he takes it upon himself to manipulate and marginalise you.” she said. The post Project Alert: International Women’s Day appeared first on Vanguard News. Project Alert: International Women’s Day