 It is safe to assert that this country of ours isn't ruined by the bad but by the good who fails to do nothing. And according to him, the illiterate doesn't know that from his political ignorance is born the numerous illnesses that can afflict any given society: The prostitute, the abandoned child, the jobless man, and the worst thieves of all– the bad politician. But then, what is political apathy? Using our beloved Nigeria as a case study, political apathy can be said to be that self-defeating attitude of indifference to the processes that produce and empowers policymakers of all ranks. Indifference to their policies and the implications which are so crucial in determining the path of Nigeria either to progress or away from it. But just like every other action, the consequences of this attitude of not participating or rather being indifferent to politics has bred a sort of malignant cancer growth that eats the fabric of ethics and development in the country. It has birthed a pain so intensified…a pain of dashed dreams and crucified hopes. And while it seems like the people's representatives in government houses have secretly sworn to dispense outrageous suffering and injustice to the common man, he goes about concerning himself with just his business without realizing that the true power of the Nigerian state begs to be reclaimed. Owing to this, it is safe to assert that this country of ours isn't ruined by the bad but by the good who fails to do nothing. It should be infused into the consciousness of every Nigerian, from young to old, that just like bad governance, political apathy is one of the major challenges of democracy and its dividends in today's Nigeria. And the dark root of this illness could be easily traced to the pre-independence era when the "First Republic" politicians tussled for power among themselves and stopped low to use cold-hearted methods to misinform, intimidate and subdue the populace. This method which is void of anything good has thus been used so far as a weapon by almost every Nigerian politician, and it has resulted in planting a deep fear in the soul of the common man. A fear that eclipsed the inconveniences that bad governance had produced. For the Nigerian politicians are nothing but two mouthed, sly egomaniacs who concern themselves with just their personal interests than the welfare of the people. Afterall they have the money and legal backing to command instruments of force. They are ever ready to make a mockery of liberty, slow to provide security, and quick to reward thuggery. This is a menace that has severely undermined the electoral process, leaving the electorates feeling unconfident that their votes don’t count. There is a hidden belief among the electorates that going out to vote during elections can be unsafe. And this is as a result of the history of violence,  snatching of ballot boxes, disruption of voting centres by thugs, etc. It is not difficult to see that there has been a continuous cycle of politicians whose personalities are largely wanting in integrity in all the political party. Therefore, given the choice between the devil and the deep blue sea, people would rather abstain. Unarguably, this can be said to be the largest cause of political apathy: The failure of the politicians to provide good leadership. The outcome of this has eroded trust and any willingness to oblige to the demands of patriotism. Owing to the fact that a political system is made up of different political parties, differences are bound to happen irrespective of whether the country is developed or not. But in Nigeria, it is not a matter of differences: There is chaos is chaos in the country's political system; so much strife and fracas going in the government. And this has led to a sort of reckless but understandable apathy from people who consider themselves powerless to bring order into the disorder. ALSO READ: The no-nonsense general every young Nigerian should know With that being said, it is important to note that we may not get all we work for, but that which we get is what we've worked for. True, the task of nation-building is a very difficult one…but all hands must be on deck, planning and planting trees that we may not get to sit under their shades. For the purpose is not to bring betterment to just ourselves but to hand over a society that recognises and respect the God-given rights of all to our children and their children's children. Undoubtedly, this dream can only be brought to fulfilment through a fearless patriotic participation in politics to ensure that bad governance is made uncomfortable and corruption eradicated at whatsoever cost the price may be. Political Aparthy: Here is why this situation has come to stay in Nigeria