 If you can keep slices of cucumber on your lips for about 15 minutes on a daily basis, they would become fair and soft. Everyone can admit to this. And it is counted among the reasons  why a lot of people would do almost anything to make their lips soft and pink. However, in other to make it easy for you, if you're one those who would want to have a soft and pink lips, we decided to to show you five to make it happen. The goodness of honey and lemon is known to many people. And as a matter of fact, their usefulness cannot be overemphasized when they are combined, because they become a source of remedy to many problems. However, with honey being a natural moisturizer and lemon juice acting as a natural bleach, it becomes quite easy to see how these two can improve the quality of your lips. One teaspoon honey 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice A glass container Mix the two ingredients and blend them together in a glass bowl. Apply this lip mask and leave it on your lips for 10-15 minutes. Wash it off with warm water and follow up with a layer of lip balm. When it comes to the beautification of the body, face or lips, exfoliation is king. And this is because it does not only remove the barrier of dead skin cells, it also helps to uncover the cells of the new skin. However, with regards to the lips, sugar and oil scrub is an excellent way to exfoliate and nourish it as well. it’s one extra step with extra benefits. One tablespoon brown sugar or white sugar One tablespoon olive oil or coconut oil (use extra virgin oil for added benefits) Mix one tablespoon of brown sugar or white sugar with one tablespoon of olive or coconut oil in a glass bowl. Scoop out a little mixture and gently scrub your lips in circular motions. Wipe the scrub off using a damp cloth and finally moisturize your lips with a balm. There are some plants that are magical in nature: Aloe vera is one of them. Being one of the most versatile plants on earth, it has come to the observation of many that the usefulness of Aloe vera is endless. And of course, it can be used for the treatment of lips. So, if there are cuts of any kind on your lips or they need more hydration, then aloe vera gel mixed with coconut oil or olive oil will do the miracle. Fresh aloe vera gel Olive oil or coconut oil Take a fresh leaf of aloe vera gel, slice it from the middle. Scoop out the gel using a spoon and put it in a glass container. Add a few drops of olive oil or coconut oil into the gel. You can use this as you would use your lip balm. Store in the refrigerator. This basic method of getting rid of dry lips has for long remained one of the most effective ways ever. All you need is good quality lip balm of a thick consistency and a soft toothbrush or washcloth. Start by applying a thick layer of lip balm all over your lips. The best time to do this is at night before you go to bed. It acts as a much-needed intensive night treatment. Once you wake up and the lip balm seems to have been absorbed by your lips, use a damp toothbrush to gently massage and exfoliate your lips to remove dead skin. You can also use a damp washcloth instead of a toothbrush. Wipe off any excess balm to reveal fresh, moisturized lips. Cucumbers are not only great when it comes skin lightening,  the water content in it can be used to moisturize the lips. As a matter of fact, if you can keep slices of cucumber on your lips for about 15 minutes on a daily basis, they would become fair and soft. Easy, right? ALSO READ:  The health benefits of this drink will leave you speechless Lips: Here are 5 naturally ways to make them soft and pink