By Yinka Kolawole, with agency report Facebook and FATE Foundation said plans have been concluded to hold the 2018 edition of the Aspiring Entrepreneurs Digital Programme, a free four-week bootcamp for select entrepreneurs in seven cities across Nigeria. Organisers said participants in the programme will learn the fundamentals of digital marketing for business coupled with key entrepreneurship skills designed to improve their businesses. The training which is aimed at helping to develop and nurture communities, including small businesses, the tech and start-up ecosystem, youths and creatives in Nigeria, is open to participants between the ages of 18 to 35 years. Selected participants will be able to attend the program which will roll-out in seven cities in Nigeria as follows: Abuja: March 12 – April 6, 2018; Ibadan: April 16 – May 11, 2018; Port Harcourt: May 21 – June 15, 2018; Lagos: June 25 – July 20, 2018; Calabar: July 30 – August 24, 2018; Kaduna: September 3 – September 28, 2018 and Enugu: October 8 – November 2, 2018. Commenting on the programme, Ebele Okobi, Facebook Public Policy Director (Africa), said: “With this initiative, we are shaping entrepreneurs and future business leaders to promote innovation, job readiness and digital literacy in order to ensure that we have a positive impact on Nigeria’s economy and society.” Also speaking on the partnership Adenike Adeyemi, Executive Director, FATE Foundation said: “We believe programmes like this are vital to building and developing the skills of the next generation of entrepreneurs in Nigeria. At the heart of what we do is harnessing the already strong entrepreneurial culture of Nigerians, whilst providing the knowledge and support required to fully explore their innovative potential, and we look forward to working with Facebook to help achieve this.” Graduates will also have an opportunity to receive mentorship from Fate Foundation for a year along with other programme incentives. The programme will be broken into streams which will run four times a week (Mondays to Thursdays) over a four-week period, in the form of practical workshops and learning sessions – all with a strong digital marketing component in the curriculum. Lectures will cover Business Model Canvas, Business Plan Development, Budgeting, Financial Management and Financial Reporting, Marketing and Pricing Strategies, People Management, Raising Financing, Business Pitching, and Digital Marketing which includes using Facebook Business Tools.  The post Facebook, FATE Foundation partner on bootcamps for entrepreneurs
appeared first on Vanguard News. Facebook, FATE Foundation partner on bootcamps for entrepreneurs