 Poko baby shared a photo of her meal at the time, and we just might understand what she means. The Nollywood actress revealed in a post she shared on the photo and video sharing app that she prefers food to sex. ALSO READ: These are the 7 most controversial celebrities of 2017 Just how deep does one's love for food have to go, for them to willing to let go of sex for it?  Well, she shared a photo of her meal at the time, and we just might understand what she means. This could be another golden nugget in the list of things that makes Poko tick but then again, it could also another bid to get herself to trend in the media. We already concluded that the controversial actress has the complete manual for staying in the media. Tonto Dikeh It might be time for every entertainment publication to create a separate segment for Tonto, because like it or not, not hearing or reading about her is becoming nearly impossible.  In January, Tonto entered the news with reports that she is undergoing body enhancement surgery, specifically breast and butt enlargement procedures. This marks Tonto’s 2018 debut in the news, But if your memory serves, young Poko, or whatever she goes by these days, has managed to an important part of the gossip and rumour mill for the better part of the last decade. Nigerian celebrities make their coin off how relevant they manage to be. For Poko, in a space where the people who give you a nickname today can forget your actual name tomorrow, Tonto has secured the manual for staying in the conversation. A big part of Tonto’s news relevance is the fact that she has dipped her hands in everything. In 2006, she made her major movie debut as a bright-eyed, baby-faced love interest in “Tea or Coffee”. Her entry into Nollywood coincided with the death of the home video market and the berth of Nollywood as a major pan-African product.  Never afraid to take on heavily sexualised roles or play the bad girl, Tonto quickly became a sex symbol. But even that was only the beginning. After acting in tons of movies, she decided to try her hands at music, with the 2011 release of “Hi” and “Its Ova”. Those songs portrayed her in a different light and spurred a new wave of conversations. For weeks, Tonto was the main topic on social media. Her songs mostly inspired negative comments (the songwriting and her vocals were demoralising, to put it mildly) but she also scored memes, jokes, parodies, articles and more. Tonto’s music career was short-lived (even though she signed on to D'banj's DB Records for a brief spell), but since then, we’ve heard of her doing different things; she’s dabbled in fashion, philanthropy, female rights activism, and now with the launch of her show on Linda Ikeji TV, reality television is a part of that list.  ALSO READ: Actress prays for a baby girl (Photo) Controversy has followed Tonto through all her major endeavours in a way that a fair share of Nigerians, with what appears to be our insatiable appetite for bad news, are always interested to see what she’s up to at any given time. One of her first major scandals came in 2011 when she acted in several raunchy roles in the movie “Dirty Secret”. Nollywood was at the time, considerably conservative and her performance in the movie split the movie industry and fans in half. But Tonto has managed to keep her popularity on the rise, never mind the things that are said about her on the media. Tonto Dikeh: Actress will choose food over sex