 Female students who continue to wear the covering will not be allowed to graduate. Independent reports that the head of the State Islamic University (UIN) in Yogyakarta city, Yudian Wahyudi, says the policy is to prevent radicalization on campus. He explains: “Female students wearing the burqa, and radical groups, they are disturbing the teaching process. “We are putting moderate Islam forward,” as a “preventive action to save the students”. However, he added that the institution is not against regular headscarves that do not cover the face. This new policy has been severely criticised by some groups. A women’s rights activist named Lathiefah Widuri Retyaningtyas said, “Using full-face veils is a choice and we cannot interfere with their choice and their freedom.” In a statement, the Islamic Defenders Front said the policy “did not make sense.” This new policy affects 41 students. UIN says they will be offered counseling sessions before ultimately being asked to remove the veil. In Indonesia: University bans burqa-wearing students from graduating Unfortunately, we live in a world where all it takes for people to attack Muslims is a picture of bus seats. A picture of bus seats has been mistaken for women wearing burqas, the traditional Muslim veil that covers ladies from head to toe.The picture was posted on a Norwegian… August 8, 2017 In "News" AN Australian senator known for her strong stance against Muslim immigration has been widely condemned for wearing a burqa to Parliament House. In video of the parliamentary session, One Nation leader Pauline Hanson can be seen taking her seat in the floor-length Islamic garment. A voice on the recording can… August 17, 2017 In "News" Private universities in the country have one rules or the other that expose their students to mockery by their peers in public varsities. Private Universities in Nigeria have over the years proved to be expensive citadels of learning and funny rules.Almost all the private universities in the country have one… December 29, 2017 In "News"