 The recent disclosures of the earnings of N13.5m running costs alone by members of the Nigeria Senate and the fact that governors earn more than that by Senator Shehu Sani and Peter Obi, former governor of Anambra State respectively may have brought to the fore the senseless high cost of governance as well as insensitivity of politicians to the plight of the masses. Similarly, Senator Sani, on Saturday in Ibadan said now that Nigerians have known the salary and allowances of Senators, they (Nigerians) should request from the presidency the running cost of the Aso Rock Villa. Senator Sani spoke at a programme organised by the Olalekan Olomide Platform For Development held at the Oyo State chapter of the Nigerian Union of Journalists (NUJ), Iyaganku, Ibadan. The development has also intensified calls for part-time as well as unicameral legislature as well as full disclosures of earnings of all elective political office holders. According to most Nigerians, the current arrangements where the lawmakers sit for three days per week and embark on three to four months recess have made them drain pipes on the nation’s resources. Their arguments are that the part-time arrangements where they would be paid based on the number of sittings would save the economy of huge resources on them and their retinue of legislative aides. Also, the manner in which governors are exposed to ‘limitless’ sources of revenue from security votes to entertainment allowances, among others and mostly unaccounted for, have become sources of nightmares for impoverished Nigerians who watch politicians flaunting these ill-gotten wealth and using innocent ones to achieve their political desires by all means. Sani, the Senator representing Kaduna Central Senatorial District, had in an interview with The News magazine, said he and his colleagues received N750, 000 monthly as salary. This is in addition to N13.5 million monthly as running cost. He said: “I think what we can say is that the running cost of a Senator is N13.5 million every month.” He added that there are no specific instructions on what the fund should be used for, saying the lawmakers are only expected to provide receipts to back up their expenses from the running costs. Sani maintained that the running cost is in addition to funds earmarked for each senator for constituency projects. “The constituency project itself is given on a zonal basis and almost every Senator will go with a constituency fund of about N200 million, but it is not the cash that is given to you. “You will be told that you have N200 million with an agency of government for which you will now submit projects equivalent to that amount. And it is that agency of government that will go and do those projects for you.” But speaking in Ibadan on Saturday, the Senator representing Kaduna Central, said, “Now that you have known how much we earn, it is important for Nigerians to ask the President what is the running cost of the Villa. The Ministers, Special Advisers, GMDs should also be asked how much they earn. “Now that you have known how much we Senators earn, leave us alone and ask other political office holders how much they too earn. I revealed how much we earn to remove secrecy.” However, Obi, who was guest speaker at a dialogue organised by Ripples Centre for Data and Investigative Journalism in Lagos last Thursday told his audience that if he revealed how much a Nigerian governor earns, the surprise would be far more than what trailed reports of the N13.5 million ‘running cost’ of senators. “None of you knows what a governor or even a local government chairman earns. Quote me anywhere, if you know you won’t be here. It is something you can’t imagine. You just know the one of senators and you are shouting, but, what if you know that of the governors?” Obi said. Bolade Agbola, an Investment Banker and  Agribusiness Consultant, said, “The jumbo pay of the Senate is a reflection of David Cameroon’s off Camera classification of Nigeria as being fantastically corrupt. Up till 1999, there use to be a relationship between the compensations of the Civil Service, the Executive and the Legislators .Leveraging on the mostly unnecessary bulling of the Legislators between 1999 and 2007  by President Obasanjo, the Legislators gave themselves independence to fix their compensations and so today their pay has no bearing with what we pay civil servants, the Executives ,the state of our economy ,the pervasive poverty in the land and even the resources of the nation.” Continuing, Agbola, who is also financial analyst said, “Nigeria is not an oil rich country with its vast land and population of close to 200m people out of which over 100m people are living on less than one dollar per day. Their compensation is wicked, unjust and unfair. It is shameful that we have ex-governors amongst them collecting the unfair compensation after milking their states dry to claim immunity from prosecution. One day they will have to give account to their creator if not man..As long as our National Assembly members collect the humongous compensation, electoral contest in Nigeria will be highly monitised, violent and expensive. The compensation that’s at stake is so huge that it creates an incentive to chase the seat either in the senate or House of representatives with any means.” Friday Ameh, energy analyst said, “The revelations by both the senator and former governor Obi should be a wakeup call for Nigerians to rise up against injustice and deprivations.” Wale Ogunade, Lagos based lawyer said, “It shows indeed that some people are above the law, despite the fact that they are lawmakers they have taken the laws into their hands. The amount approved as their salaries and emolument by the revenue and allocation committee is far above what they are taken and of course one of the things they have been fighting for and which they have gotten through blackmail  is financial autonomy;  that they too will be taking money from the first charge. There underlies the reason why most of us have been calling for the National Assembly particularly the legislature all over both at the state and federal levels to be on part-time basis.” Ogunade also took a swipe at security vote being collected by governors saying, “Obviously it is another way of embezzlement and financial corruption and we know what the issue of security vote has caused.” But the Senate has defended itself against the outburst, saying the statements made by Senator Shehu Sani, on the salaries and funds for the running of offices of Senators is nothing new. However, in what analysts regard as a display of arrogance and insensitivity to the plight of Nigerians, Senate spokesman, Senator Aliyu Abdullahi, said last week that the figures given out by Sani about the running cost of the offices of Senators are contained in various line items and expenditure heads of the budget of the National Assembly which has been made public. According to him, “If people had looked critically at the budget of the National Assembly which has since been made public, they would have seen that various line items like traveling, medicals, consultancy and the rest were captured in the budget and they were the funds divided for each Senator’s use. “Almost all holders of elective and appointive offices have running costs allocated to their offices and that cannot be said to be part of their salaries.” However, other stakeholders like Comrade Hussein Gafar, human rights activist, Yomi Obaditan, legal practitioner, Femi Falana SAN, Wale Adeoye, Executive Director, Journalists for Democratic Rights (JODER), Kayode Otitoju, former Commissioner for Information, Ekiti State, Dr Dele Seteolu, lecturer, Department of Political Science Lagos State University (LASU), described the earnings of the lawmakers as not only outrageous but unreasonable in the light of dwindling resources and hardship in the country. Obaditan, who lambasted the lawmakers for hiding their earnings from the public for a long time said there was no justification for each Senator to be earning such a huge amount of money in the name of running cost and constituency allowance. He said it is unreasonable and wicked for lawmakers to be paying themselves such huge fund, particularly when they are not implementing or executing any worthwhile project for the good of the country. According to him, “Here is a country where minimum wage is N18,000 per month, yet some states were yet to implement it. Also, almost all the states owe their workers, yet we have lawmakers taking home N13million monthly in the name of running cost. “So, am calling on the President to issue executive order to reduce the allowances and other emoluments of the National Assembly members. If the executive does nothing, it implies they too are likely to be guilty of the same jumbo pay, not minding what they are telling Nigerians. After all, the Speaker of House of Representatives told the nation last year that he and other members of the House of Representatives were earning N400, 000 per month. So who is fooling who?” Gafar said with the revelations, the country’s political class has succeeded in calling Nigerians “dumb wits” to their face, saying “this is an unacceptable insult to our collective intelligence as Nigerians. “Participation in government has become an opportunity to loot and gain unalloyed access to the common treasury. How this can be stopped, is topic for another day.” Adeoye said the disclosures are good for members of the public as it explained the reasons why many resorted to killing to get elected into the National Assembly and others. “In the first place, 109 senators are too many for the country. 360 Representatives is simply a waste of money. They work on the average of four hours in a day. They don’t work on weekends and they have too many holidays. “A serious country of 180 million people does not need to continue to invest such huge amount of resources on their leaders. Lawmaking should be part-time,” he said. Otitoju said “I have always advocated for part-time Senate and House of Representatives, just as it is done with boards of parastatals and agencies of government, whereby legislators earn only sitting allowances. “I know that will be panacea to this marked disparity in our national remuneration in the public service,” he said. Falana called for a review of the entire cost of governance under the present democratic dispensation, saying the Buhari administration owes the nation the duty that no one takes home anything above the approved remuneration for public officers. In a statement signed by him, he said: “Without mincing words the Senator blew the lid off federal legislators’ salary secrecy. For the first time since May 1999, the Senator disclosed the jumbo emoluments of the members of the upper chamber of the national assembly of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. According to the Senator, the running cost of each Senator is N13.1 million in addition to a consolidated salary of N750,000 per month. Apart from the monthly package of N13.8 million, each Senator is given the opportunity to execute constituency projects to the tune of N200 million per annum. However, the disclosure made by Senator Sani does not cover the allowances for cars, housing, wardrobe, furniture etc running to several millions of Naira approved for each Senator. “Last year, the legislators also illegally purchased exotic cars of N4.7 billion for themselves when workers were owed arrears of salaries and the masses were groaning under a recession caused by the profligacy and mismanagement of the national economy by the ruling class. While we commend Senator Shehu Sani for exposing the secrecy which had enveloped the salaries and allowances of federal legislators in Nigeria before now, it is crystal clear that the statement credited to Professor Itse Sagay, the chairman of the Presidential Advisory Council not too long ago to the effect that Nigerian legislators are the highest paid in the world cannot be faulted. “However, the federal legislators cannot be blamed alone for paying themselves skyrocketing salaries and allowances outside the ambit of the wages approved for all political office holders in the country. The members of the Revenue Mobilisation, Allocation and Fiscal Commission empowered by section 70 of the Constitution to approve the salaries and allowances of the legislators have always washed off their hands like Pontius Pilate while the Budget Office has never questioned the payment of unauthorised salaries and allowances to federal legislators. “The revelations by Senator Sani should therefore provide an opportunity for the Nigerian people to review the entire costs of governance under the rickety democratic dispensation. The Buhari administration owes the nation a duty to ensure that no political officer is paid salaries and allowances that have not been approved by the Revenue Mobilisation Allocation Fiscal Commission. The Federal Government should, as a matter of urgency, halt the payment of double salary and allowances to a number of legislators and ministers.” Seteolu said it is sacrilegious to realise that the lawmakers were earning such bogus allowances in the face of hardship in the country. He called for massive protests against jumbo pay for political office holders, saying “I urge the Nigerian people to protest the unreasonable allowances being paid to our lawmakers. “The legislative, the government business, ought to be service to the Nigerian people but in this case we are serving the political class, we are underpaid, we are underfed and they are living and feeding fat on public treasuries. It is certainly regrettable; it is ridiculous, it is shameful, it is anti people, it should be condemned.  In serious societies there must have been protest everywhere to condemn this and to ensure that the legislature is forced to downgrade. “See the irony, see the contradiction every point in time the political class will plead with the Nigerian people to make sacrifices, we are asked to make sacrifice, we did make sacrifices on SAP, we did make sacrifice on Obasanjo’s tenure on the post SAP reform agenda and so on. At every point in time we are asked to make a sacrifices but the question is do the political class make sacrifices? No, they do not. The political class is self-serving; the political class is feeding fat on the Nigerian people and feeding fat on Nigerian treasury. In fact Nigerians are laid back, we are too quite about this, Nigerians should and must hijack their right and control their political future and their destiny, we are not doing that,” he said. Speaking on reaction of members of the Senate to the development, the Senator said “The Senate has never threatened me, and has never treated me badly. I am not aware of any penalty against me for now. “All what they did was to call me and confirm.  For now, I appreciate the response of the Senate for now.” The post Outrage Over ‘Massive’ Revenue Leakages, Killings
appeared first on Independent Newspapers Nigeria. Outrage Over ‘Massive’ Revenue Leakages, Killings