 A Pulse Analysis on how Chelsea's Victor Moses fared against Sane and Manchester City. Moses and Chelsea were looking to avoid another loss to boost their chances of finishing in the top four in the Premier League this season. But Manchester City closed in on the Premier League title with a 1-0 win. Playing as usual in his right-wing position in Antonio Conte’s 3-4-3 formation, Moses faced one of the most informed players in the Premier League in Leroy Sane.  Manchester City dominated possession, keeping 77% of the ball which meant that Moses played primarily as a right-back in the game as he cautiously defended against Sane. He was called into action from the third-minute, clearing a ball from the defence but a few minutes later, he didn’t run back to check the run of David Silva. In the 13th minute, the Nigerian was one-on-one against Sane but he easily disposed of the German. In the 19th, there was no stopping Sane who raced through the Chelsea defence before passing to Bernardo Silva who could not finish off the move. Moses had a rare chance of going forward but was brought down by Oleksandr Zinchenko who received a yellow card.  The 27-year-old lost Sane who raced clear to pounce on a delivery from a set-piece but his effort at goal beat Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois but was saved on the line by Cesar Azpilicueta. Just after the restart, D. Silva ran into the wing to deliver a cross which was converted by B.Silva for Manchester City’s only goal of the game. Moses could not track D.Silva’s run as he was focused on Sane who was lurking around. The Nigerian managed to get a chance at goal but he could only find the side net with his effort from a very tight angle. In the 77th-minute, Moses was well beaten by Sane after the German escaped his full challenge. Moses put in his shift against Manchester and although he managed to keep Sane quiet, Manchester City still found their way. Against Manchester City, Moses had one shot at goal, created no chance, won all his aerial duels and had three clearances. Impressively, he didn’t commit any foul. Pulse Analysis: Victor Moses holds off Sane but City still find a way past Chelsea