A non-governmental organisation, Rosy touch initiative for development has collaborated with Friends of humanity; an international foundation owned by Graziella Zanoletti to organise a sensitization programme for female students in Ibadan. The event which took place at the St Annes school, molete Ibadan on Thursday, had in attendance executives and volunteer of rosy touch organisation. The President of the organisation, Mr Adeleke Hattrick Oluwafemi while addressing the female populated students, urges them to prepare themselves for the future ahead of them, as there is nothing a man can do that a woman cannot do, he lay credence to the former minister of finance; Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, who was an alumni of the school. “Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala was once a student like you in this same school some years ago but she was able to reach that enviable feat, owing to her focus and doggedness.” He said. The president and the convener further advised the students to be courageous, honest, modest and shun all forms of fear that could inhibit them from taking risks that could propel them into achieving greater things in life. Shortly after the lecture, the organisation also taught the students about drawing and painting, which made up the second segment of the day’s programme. The students were taught how to use their drawing materials to augment beautiful objects. The fuss about feminism In their appreciation remarks, the students, staff and principal of the girls’ school express their gratitude to the organisation, specifically the founder and president of Friends of Humanity; Graziella Zanoletti for her humanitarian works in Nigeria and other parts of Africa. Meanwhile, the organisation has promised not to relent on the advocacy and community development services it has embarked on. Citing the success in its previous programmes held in some secondary schools in Oyo state has the propeller and motivational drive. The post NGO charges female students to be agent of change appeared first on Tribune. NGO charges female students to be agent of change