 In the late 1970s and  80s, there existed Tunga penetrans (jigger), a parasitic insect found in most tropical and sub-tropical climates. During the first day or two of infestation, the host might feel an irritation. Depending on the exact site, this could cause sensations, which ranged from mild irritation to serious discomfort. This insect tormented us as kids, especially those who played in dusty areas – by the way, we rarely put on footwear while at home. This was until the authorities decided to eradicate it. After that episode, I wished the government would also deal with some other ‘good-for-nothing’ creatures considered just parasitic. To my little mind, creatures like mosquitoes and vultures should be done away with also, since they are not useful in anyway. It was later that I discovered that the animals I refer to as ‘useless’ have their economic importance. Dragonfly, bat, fish, tadpole and bird feed on mosquitoes. Though the adult vulture has no known predator because of its toxic body system – occasionally a hawk or an eagle may steal its baby out of the nest – the ugly bird still serves a purpose. In some parts of Africa, the presence of the vulture is bad omen. Many believe that since the ugly bird feasts on putrefying carcasses, including that of humans, its presence exudes death. For this, it has been left alone, leading to near extinction. But the Nigerian Conservation Foundation (NCF) is not taking the development lightly. It says the vulture decline is a hazard on human health and economy, adding that it should be everyone’s concern in Nigeria to understand and appreciate their economic importance. Joseph Onoja, the acting director-general of NCF, says the decline in the number of vultures is not only exacerbated by natural or climate-induced changes, but chiefly driven by human-induced threat associated to belief-based use. “Having this in mind, efforts at reducing this threat associated with the 15 African-Eurasian vulture species with different level of conservation therefore needs a multi-pronged approach. This approach must combine actions on advocacy, sensitisation, policy review and capacity strengthening by concerned stakeholders,” he stated. NCF’s Save Vulture Advocacy campaign commenced with a public lecture in 2017, using the 15th Chief S.L. Edu Memorial Lecture, with the theme ‘Decline of Vultures: Consequences to Human Health and the Economy’, delivered by Amina Mohammed, the deputy secretary-general to the United Nations (UN). According to NCF, attention is being devoted to vultures because of the alarming rate of their decline. Vultures today are in dire situation, especially outside conservation areas. They are in danger of being poisoned, especially through the deliberate poisoning of carnivores, electrocution by power lines passing through breeding sites, direct persecution and declining food availability. Deliberate poisoning of carnivores is likely the most widespread cause of vulture poisoning. Human persecution of vultures has occurred for centuries and continues unabated. These are all human-induced threats. Among the 15 species of the African-Eurasian vulture (with ranges across Africa, Asia and Europe), eight are critically endangered, three are endangered, and three are near-threatened. Vultures play a crucial role to human health and the economy. They keep our environment free of carcasses and waste, thereby restricting the spread of diseases such as anthrax and botulism, etc. They are of cultural value to the Nigerian communities. They have important eco-tourism (bird watching) value. Vultures are nature’s most successful scavengers, and they provide an array of ecological, economic and cultural services. As the only known obligate scavengers, vultures are uniquely adapted to a scavenging lifestyle. Vultures’ unique adaptations include soaring flight, keen eyesight, high sense of smell and an immune system adapted to degrading carcasses with no negative effect. Vulture decline would allow other scavengers not properly equipped for scavenging to flourish, leading to their proliferation causing bacteria and viruses from carcasses into human cities. We need to rise and prevent this from manifesting. Ecological consequences of vulture decline include changes in community composition of scavengers at carcasses and an increased potential for disease transmission between mammalian scavengers at carcasses and human population. There have been cultural and economic costs of vulture decline as well, particularly in Nigeria. Since vultures in Nigeria are ignorantly considered an omen of evil, therefore, the evil must be stopped. This leads many to kill vultures in the quest for averting supposedly eminent evil. Sad to know, this act still persists. In 2017, NCF conducted a survey to wildlife markets in Ondo, Osun and Ogun states, which revealed that Kano, Ibadan and Ikare were the hubs of vulture sales. Wildlife and herbs sellers visit these trade hubs to get vultures (live or dead) for their customers and users. Vultures, it was gathered, were used by belief-based practitioners and other spiritualists for ‘awure’, a fortune charm. The survey revealed that a vulture head sold for between N12,000 and N15,000 at retail markets, a feather N100, while other parts cost between N500 and N2,000. The findings further showed that although a whole vulture could cost as high as N20,000 to N30,000, once the head is off, the rest of the parts may not attract much money. Belief-based use is a major driver of vulture decline in Nigeria, especially in the South West where they were assessed to be major ingredients in traditional concoctions. The local markets for vulture species have soared in multi-folds as a result of continued demand within the belief-based system. In trying to change this belief-based use, NCF organised a stakeholders’ workshop on illegal wildlife trade in 2017 tagged ‘Save Vulture’ in Ogun, Ondo and Osun states with about 150 people drawn from traditional healers association, enforcement and border control agencies, wildlife traders, transport union, government agencies (in justice, environment and forestry) and wildlife research institutions in attendance. The workshop was an eye-opener for practitioners within the illegal wildlife trade in Nigeria. NCF added: “People need to be aware of the services vultures provide to humanity and take actions in tackling the challenges faced by vultures. Researchers need to establish a simple monitoring network for vultures. Toxic drugs that are harmful to vultures need to be eliminated. Time to save the vultures from vanishing is now! Time to be more aware of the happenings in our environment is now! And time to take bold steps to further save nature is now!” The post For The Love Of Vultures
appeared first on Independent Newspapers Nigeria. For The Love Of Vultures