 The future of the financial pyramid scheme, MMM, hangs in limbo after the death of Sergey Mavrodi Within the period of 'pause' mode, Mavrodians (participants) will not be able to provide and get help. Mavrodi died at the age of 62 on March 26, 2018. His death came as shock to millions of its global participants as the future of the financial pyramid scheme hangs in limbo. A Moscow-based daily newspaper Moskovskij Komsomolets had reported that Mavrodi died in the Russian capital, Moscow after he felt weakness and pain in the chest area. In a statement to its participants announcing Mavrodi's death, released by an Administrator, on its platform, MMM said the system has been shifted to a “pause” mode. “It is impossible to provide and get help; Mavros don’t grow. In the near future, Administration will take a decision concerning MMM’s future and report on it officially. Hoping for your understanding. “Sergey Mavrodi devoted his life to serving other people. He abstained from conveniences and material benefits, communication with his family and friends in order that no one could influence him and the System. Sergey Mavrodi worked until his dying day: without holidays and vacations. Mr Mavrody always felt his responsibility for the participants and the System. He never pursued any self-interest. “Sergey Mavrodi is a great man who managed to unite a huge number of people worldwide in the struggle for a single purpose. MMM was his life’s work; he dreamed of changing the world. Sergey Mavrodi, you will always be in our hearts!” the statement reads. When Business Insider Sub Sahara Africa contacted the MMM ‘faceless official’ in Nigeria, Danny, a consultant and Agent via a chat said the pause mode is temporary and it is a worldwide agreement to honour the late Mavrodi. On the fear of participants and the future of the scheme, the Agent said the system will soon come back but did not specify a date. “It's normal for everyone to observe the pause for the founder.” the agent said. On the Facebook page of MMM Nigeria, a participant wrote: “….that the system is now on pause mode in honour of your departure "worldwide" is a welcome idea. “The global "pause mode" serves as a perfect time for the Admin to resume with the creation of "MMM COIN" for easy exchange. ….adieu great man Mavrodi…..” In 2016, the Central Bank of Nigeria, as well as the Nation's legislative arms had issued strong warnings to Nigerians to desist from MMM and other Ponzi Schemes. It was the same period the country's economy contracted by 2.06 percent witnessing its worst economic recession in over 20 years. This made Nigerian youths to be vulnerable to all kinds of pyramid schemes and betting opportunities that offers quick and multiple incomes. MMM Nigeria: Ponzi scheme goes into pause mode to honour late founder, Sergey Mavrodi Russian businessman Sergei Mavrodi, whose MMM pyramid scheme deprived millions of Russians of their savings in the 1990s, has died of a heart attack, according to Russia media. Reports said the 62-year-old was rushed to the hospital late on March 25 with pain in his chest and died several hours… March 26, 2018 In "News" Russian businessman, Sergei Panteleevich Mavrodi, whose pyramid scheme deprived millions, including Nigerians, of their savings has died, aged 62. According to reports by Russian media, Mavrodi was rushed to the hospital March 25 and died hours later. Described as a Russian criminal and a former deputy of the State Duma, Mavrodi… March 26, 2018 In "News" These are the top five Nigerian stories that drove conversation today. Benue State governor, Samuel Ortom on Monday said the call for the declaration of a state of emergency in Benue and one other state by the leadership of Miyetti Allah is untenable. The governor, in a statement issued by… March 26, 2018 In "News"