 Considering the snaps Kiss Daniel shared on his Instastories last night, we just have to agree that there is something solid between the pair and they are done hiding. LIB reports that the singers started dating some time this year and are reportedly very much in love with each other. ALSO READ: "There is no court injunction against our client," singer's lawyers reply G-Worldwide Considering the snaps Kiss Daniel shared on his Instastories last night, we just have to agree that there is something solid between the pair and they are done hiding.  The Woju crooner shared a video showing Chidinma sitting on a bed playing with her phone and laughing as he filmed her. He captioned the video simply with heart emoji's. Too cute! We really hope this love story ends well because it is high time things began to go Kiss Daniel's way. Kiss Daniel must be in a really good mood considering the fact that he reportedly just won his court case with G-Worldwide.  A source close to the "Yeba" crooner revealed to Too Exclusive that the case was settled in court with Kiss Daniel coming out as the victor.  However, the singer's team is yet to release an official statement on the new development. Recall that the former G-Worldwide artiste was hauled to court for allegedly violating the terms of his contract after he launched his own record label, Flyboy INC. We made a compilation of female celebrities that would be perfect for Kiss Daniel and guess what? We hit closer to home than we thought because Chidinma Ekile came in at number five on the list. Here's why we think she would be perfect for him.  Chidinma is the toast to everyone in the entertainment industry, even the fans love her because of her amazing talent and her beauty which keeps glowing. ALSO READ: "There is no court injunction against our client," singer's lawyers reply G-Worldwide Chidinma Ekile also suits as the perfect girlfriend for Kiss Daniel, for reasons which include the fact she's petite and every guy loves a petite girl, they both are talented and come from the same industry and on the assumption that they both would look good together. Besides Chidinma, Cynthia Morgan, Beverly Naya, Nancy Isime and Linda Osifo were the other options we came up with but you now know who the "Good times" crooner has chosen. May the odds continue to be in their favour! Kiss Daniel, Chidinma Ekile: Singer's are reportedly an item