 At every point in time, Gashaka Gumti National Park is always appealing to tourist's sentiment. The park which is located in the eastern provinces of Taraba and Adamawa to the border with Cameroun, covers a total area covers a total area of about 6,402 km2. And with multiple regions which lead to its diversity of wildlife, Gashaka-Gumti National Park is home to Lions, African elephants, African buffalo, waterbuck, leopards, chimpanzees, over 500 species of birds, and many more animals. Naturally divided into two section, the Northern Section of Gashaka Gumti is characterized by flat woodlands and grasslands, while the Southern part of the park is characterized by mountains and deep slopes. The mountainous region of Gashaka Gumti National Park provides an optimal landform of the forested slopes for the local watershed, which pours into the Taraba River. At every point in time, the game reserve is always appealing to tourist's sentiment. From security to research…to adventure and amusement; thus making it economically important to Nigeria. Local livelihood in the Gashaka-Gumti region is largely based on fishing and hunting as well as Fulani cattle rearing. The park has helped in ensuring that nature and its products are not recklessly fiddled with ensuring a win-win situation for both humans who have provided for them by nature their basic needs for living and nonhuman organism who are giving the time and space to replenish. The National Park also fulfils an important role of providing educational opportunities for local people. With the influx of scientists and researchers to the park, information on climate, weather, and methods of agricultural practice are richly dispensed while at the same time baring itself to the inquisitiveness of every researcher. With the unique mix of vegetation, altitude, soil type, ever flowing tributaries and climate, the National Park is virtually equipped to support a large range of habitats, which in turn supports exceptionally high biodiversity of plants and animals. A sound knowledge of symbiosis would help appreciate the role the park serves as the main catchment area for the Taraba River, a major tributary of Nigeria's second largest river, the Benue. Protecting forested slopes within the park, known as watersheds, ensures that essential water resources of the Benue are conserved. This is unavoidably aided by the forest who drink of this waters themselves. Thus supporting both man and animal. ALSO READ: The peaceful hometown of Nigeria's wildlife Gashaka Gumti National Park: A brief walk into Nigeria's biggest wildlife reserve