 Outings in Lagos can be a real hassle for a number of people and can be especially worse when you’re on a budget. In a perfect world, I'd visit every restaurant in Lagos, eat everything and anything on the menu. Go home and not feel remorseful about the money I spent. Unfortunately, life's not perfect. I can't afford every restaurant and even if I could, I'd probably be remorseful about the money I spent cause I'm on a budget and callous spending is frowned upon. Between work, my salary and NYSC pay, savings and a giant grey area, my disposable income is a baby that has to be swaddled and rocked with care. If you follow me on Instagram or Snapchat (@ehiremea) yes, it’s a shameless plug, don't ignore it. As I was saying, If you do follow me, you'll know I have a passion for food and here are my foodie tips on how fine dine in Lagos on a budget. First things first;  I honestly have a monthly budget for taking myself out to eat. It's a little treat I give myself every month. Sometimes I might not use it to eat however, it's a standalone part of my budget. This way, these little treats I give myself don't show up as callous expenditure. Read Also: Steps to manage your personal finance. I'm usually always perusing through Instagram, looking at food pictures and visiting eat.drink.Lagos so I almost always have somewhere to dine in mind. Once I settle on a few, I go to the court of public opinion a.k.a google and see what other humans have to say about said places. To help with the making decision I always turn to Ofadaa, Eat.Drink.Lagos, Trip advisor and Jumia foods. I turn to Ofadaa and Trip advisor for an on the surface review.  Eat.Drink.Lagos for more in depth analysis on the food itself, an occasional price gauge. Last but not the list, Jumia foods always has an almost concise menu so, I know what I want to eat and how much it'll cost me. Sometimes, I just use it to compare prices of similar items between restaurants I'm torn between. No business owner wants their restaurant to be empty, but I like to dine in comfort and quiet, so I've formed a habit of looking at the popular times section on google to get an idea of when there isn’t a lot of traffic into the restaurant and when the wait time is shortest. Obviously, it’s mostly statistics but it hasn't been anything short of precise yet. I find that even an empty Bukka (if that's possible) can be a nice place to dine. Read Also: Ways to save whilst you still have a social life. So those are my main tips to dining in Lagos on a budget all that's left to do? EAT and ENJOY.  Where are some of your favorite places to dine in your City? What's your favorite kind of food? Would you like me to do restaurants reviews? Feel free to let me know in the comment section, I'd love to hear from you Written by Uddin Ehireme Alexis Alexis is an avid writer who likes to share her life experiences and tips with hopes that she can entertain people as well as, potentially make a difference. She resides on the internet with her handle @ehiremea and can be reached at ehiremea@hotmail.com City Experiences: Dining in Lagos on a budget