 The convenor of the free the sheeple movement had some interesting things to say in a recent interview with Sahara Reporters. In it, the convenor of the free the sheeple movement shares his thoughts on modern Christianity in Nigeria. Here are five things we learned from the  new interview, published on Youtube on March 1, 2018: Monetisation is the biggest problem in Nigerian churches: According to the OAP, pastors have ruined the church by monetizing it. In his words, “They’ve taken a spiritual and eternal doctrine and they made it a carnal, monetized doctrine and we are all the poorer for it.” The solution to Nigeria's poverty crisis does not lie in the hands of God: “God has given has natural resources, God has given us land…., we have water, we are blessed with human resources…..” he said. It's time for Christians to put the blessings aside and start working. Nigerian Christians need to rebel: Daddy Freeze said: “The time now is for the rebellion because they are not going to change. They are not ready, do they have the attitude? If Adeboye last year was recorded saying that read the book of Malachi, if you don't pay your tithe, it is a curse. If he is still saying that in 2017, they are not ready to have a referendum.” Nigerian churches have removed Jesus and replaced Him with brands: According to the Radio Presenter, the church has been overtaken by materialism. Check out the video above to see the full interview. Daddy Freeze: 5 things we learned from controversial OAP’s latest interview The OAP may be the best thing to have happened to the Church in a long while. For years, pastors have been the Alpha and Omega in Nigeria.Their word has been law, stuff people obeyed without daring to question them. We can blame this on the ‘touch, not my anointed… November 6, 2017 In "News" Freeze is the bad guy we need to help us ask questions on religion. Freeze is the man who will not stay down. On Saturday, October 28, 2017, his Instagram account was hacked. His social media pulpit later disappeared.The timing of this hack came after his banter-heavy back and forth… November 1, 2017 In "News" The Kingsway International Christian Centre pastor is facing serious accusations from a UK newspaper. Daddy Freeze has also weighed in. Pastor Mathew Ashimolowo has been criticised by a UK newspaper for his lavish lifestyle.The tabloid is accusing the pastor of making £6.3million-a-year through the members of his church, Kingsway International… January 9, 2018 In "News"