 Arsenal midfielder Ainsley Maitland-Niles earns homeless £30,000-a-week and his mother is homeless According to a report by the Sun, Maitland-Niles who takes home £30,000-a-week has abandoned his mother to sleep in a Storage metal crate. Maitland who is 20-years-old stays in a luxury £700,000 suite with his elder brother Cordi Fletcher, and his explained her current situation by saying, “The money’s gone to his head.”  According to the report Jule began to live in the metal crate three months ago, after she revealed that her current residence has no washing facilities or rest room. Jules said, “My son plays for Arsenal and I am homeless and in a storage unit. It’s not a home. I know what home feels like, to be able to shower, brush your teeth and sit in your room.” Maitland who is rated £15million paid the rent of a three bedroom apartment when he got signed by Arsenal, as he shared the accommodation with his brother and mother. According to Jule, her relationship with Maitland deteriorated when she went on a break to Australia, which was paid for by him. Upon coming back, she noticed a certain change and days later her sons had moved out of the apartment with their belongings. Jule said her son gave her a lift home but told her, “I just want to live my life.” She is quoted to say, “My son Ainsley could buy me a flat with two weeks or two month’s wages, but the money’s gone to his head and I’m in this position.” Maitland Niles was not in action for Arsenal as they lost to Brighton & Hove Albion, which has made Arsenal fans demand Arsene Wenger replaced as soon as possible. The report also states that contrary to the statements made by Jule Niles , a source of Ainsley was said to confirm that he has no knowledge of his mother’s current predicament as he has always given her money and continues to do so. Ainsley Maitland-Niles: Mother of Arsenal stars says she is homeless Alex Iwobi  has revealed that  Arsenal  legend  Thierry Henrystill advises him on his game today. Henry, now an assistant to Roberto Martinez in the Belgium setup alongside his media work, worked in the Arsenal academy for a time, before leaving last summer.  Iwobi made his senior Gunners debut three years… October 13, 2017 In "News" By Izuchukwu Okosi: Super Eagles midfielder Alex Iwobi late Sunday night was one of the 25 Arsenal players confirmed by the club for Monday's trip to Australia for their pre season programme ,  Completesportsnigeria.com reports. Iwobi was in the team also for the Gunners' pre season trip to the Asia last… July 10, 2017 In "Sports" By James Agberebi: Super Eagles forward Alex Iwobi returned to first team action as Arsenal came from behind to beat Championship side Norwich City 2-1 after extra-time in the fourth round of the Carabao Cup on Tuesday night. The star for Arsenal was 18-year-old forward Edward Nketiah who came off… October 24, 2017 In "Sports"