 This year’s one million Ogbomosho fire crusade will be led by the new CFAN president, Evangelist Daniel Kolenda. The popular German recently passed the torch to his successor, Evangelist Daniel Kolenda at his farewell crusade, which held in Lagos in November 2017. According to The Nation, the new president of Christ for all Nations (CFAN) will be visiting the city ahead of the crusade on March 22–25, 2018.  There, he will see the Soun of Ogbomosho land, Oba Jimoh Oyewumi, the Onpetu of Ijeru land, Oba Sunday Oyediran and the Ogbomosho campus of the Ladoke Akintola University of Technology. ALSO READ: 845,875 people reportedly accept Jesus during Bonnke's last crusade in Lagos The Chairman of the Central Working Committee, Dr. Ojo Abraham, shared details of the four days crusade at a press conference. Speaking to journalists, he announced that this crusade would be different as the new CFAN president had received divine leading to touch lives by visiting the town.  The CFAN representative, Chris Ewanlen added that the Ogbomosho fire crusade is the result of a divine instruction for lives to be touched and transformed not just at the event. Th conference was held at The Glad Tidings Baptist Church, Randa in Ogbomosho. CFAN was founded by Bonnke in 1974. After at least 50 years of active ministry, the German evangelist handed over the leadership torch at the ripe age of 77. Evangelist Kolenda was appointed the new leader of CFAN at Bonnke’s farewell/passing the torch crusade, which held from November 8–12, 2017.  Afterward, Kolenda said, “This is Evangelist Bonnke’s ‘Farewell Crusade,’ but it’s not a goodbye for the ministry; it’s a new beginning, a new season of harvest. “We will build on the foundation that has been laid by Evangelist Bonnke and the CfaN team and God will do even greater things in the days to come. As Evangelist Bonnke often says, ‘Nothing diminishes in God.’ I believe that. “God has spoken to me about a ‘Decade of Double Harvest’ that we are now stepping into. We will take that baton of the Gospel and run with all our might. The best is yet to come.” Since then, he has been back in Nigeria for the “Decade of Double Harvest” crusade from February 15  —  18th, 2018. It held in Calabar, Cross River state.  The Gospel Crusade in Ogbomosho will be his second time in this country as president. Reinhard Bonnke: Popular evangelist’s successor to visit Nigeria for Gospel Crusade