One of the most eye-opening discussions that I have had in my life was with DONATUS, BJ and Yomi. It was Dona’s birthday and we decided to hook up for a couple of drinks. I asked him, how does it feel to be 30 today? He replied, it is quite frustrating. Then I asked why? He said in most African countries, we usually find it hard to define our lives and purpose until we are 30. DONATUS is a smart guy, graduated with a first class, teaching in one of the best Universities in the country as at then. A man I looked up to and envied made me realize that he was still undecided about what he wanted for himself at 30 years. DONATUS knew birthday was mere subtraction, he knew he was created to make a difference but having spent 30 years without a clear picture of how he would make this difference made him so concerned on his birthday. The discussion we had on that day made me ask so many questions and it seems the answer only points down to one thing – leadership. What do I mean? DONATUS actually knew what he wanted but the system does not make him feel ready or good enough for his assignment. The system made him feel grateful for where he was even when he knew he was not operating at his full potentials. Has the situation changed for DONATUS? Yes, it has. DONATUS decided in his mind to add value to his life, he decided he would relocate to somewhere in the world where at the age of 30, you would have accomplished your career goals. You would have made the difference you so wanted in your lifetime. A system that produced the likes of Bhadesha, Steve Hawking, Harry Kane, Dele Ali, Michael Jordan, Michael Jackson, TD Jakes, Mike Murdock, Bill Gate, Mark Z, CR7, Messi etc. In less than 3 years, his decision paid off. Today, DONATUS has a clear picture of his purpose and he is doing excellently well. He is more convinced than ever on his assignment. I am not permitted to share Dona’s accomplishments. The story of DONATUS made me realize that what he couldn’t achieve in 30 years was made possible in 3 years because of responsible leadership that provided a platform that rewards merits and hard-work. My greatest worry is that the situation hasn’t changed to date. I see many talented people remaining helpless because of the type of leadership we provide in Africa. If you manage to define your career before 30 then you must have been very fortunate. Even in South Africa, the most advanced African country. When you ask a BSc graduate what he/she wants to do after school. You will not struggle to see the lack of direction and how unclear his or her purpose is. This is a systemic problem. I do not think everyone can relocate to where one’s career path can be shaped like DONATUS did. Consequently, we have to make a conscious decision of building a society where everything works and by 30 we can be proud of what we have done. This starts from the polls. I feel sorry for so many youths saying I hate politics and I don’t want to be part of it. Politics is everything, it dictates everything. It controls the poor, manipulates the rich and compels the wealthy. Our continent’s population is dominated by the youth. Let us start engaging in discussions that would cause a paradigm shift in the quality of our politics. That way we can establish an efficient system of leadership. Our parents do so much to support us but our system just have a way of slowing us down. The time is now. A genius is someone who has all the opportunities that his or her talent can be applied to. Restructuring our system of leadership is the fastest way of building the society we want but it is, of course, the most difficult route. How do we start?
Massive reorientation is what I propose. Let the discussions continue! By Engr. Bodunrin Michael