 Rauf Aregbesola, the Osun State governor; Dave Umahi, his Ebonyi State counterpart, and Abubakar Bello, the Niger State Chef Executive, have on Saturday exhorted Nigerians on the essence of Easter, even as they urged the people to have hope in the country. Aregbesola, in his message issued by Sola Fasure, his Media Adviser, in Osogbo, urged Christians to live the ideals of Easter and emulate Jesus Christ. He said: “The ideal of Easter is love manifested in sacrifice. It was love that motivated Jesus Christ to lay down his life. “It was love also that made him adopt non-resistance method, even as he endured a farcical trial that led to his condemnation and crucifixion and death on the cross. But this turned out to be a bigger victory, as he rose from the dead on the third day, according to Christian tradition and the bible. “Christians, therefore, should emulate Jesus by demonstrating love to one another and to their neighbours, just as Jesus admonished his disciples to love their neighbours as themselves.” Umahi on his own called on Christians to use the Easter celebration to foster peace, unity and religious tolerance as exemplified by Jesus Christ. Umahi, the Chairman of the South East Governors’ Forum, who made the call in a statement by Emmanuel Uzo, his Chief Press Secretary, described Christ as the summation of peace, unity and tolerance and urged Christians to propagate love and religious tolerance wherever they found themselves. He said as the sacrificial lamb, Christ had, through His death and resurrection, opened a brand new way of life for Christians. Also Bello called on Nigerians to imbibe the spirit of hope, which the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ brought to mankind. Speaking through a statement by Malam Jibrin, his Chief Press Secretary, in Minna, he urged Nigerians not to be despondent, but be hopeful. He said the lesson of hope that the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ taught should be a propelling force for Nigerians. The post Aregbesola, Umahi, Bello Exhort Nigerians On Esence Of Easter
appeared first on Independent Newspapers Nigeria. Aregbesola, Umahi, Bello Exhort Nigerians On Esence Of Easter