 The ex ANTM star talks the changing face of the fashion industry and gushes over her model friends who she says are an 'inspiration'. The 23-year-old America's Next Top Model runner-up appeared on the front cover of ELLE Magazine's May issue, on which she dazzled in a chic metallic jacket by Gucci. In the accompanying interview, the star, who has vitiligo, discussed the changes in the modelling industry as she explained that her insistence to never cover up her skin as she is determined to 'stay true to herself'. Since her appearance on ANTIMM she has soared to fame in the industry and fronted campaigns for Desigual, Diesel and Swarovski as well as scored a host of magazine covers.  In her interview with ELLE, she explained: 'There is a big shift happening in the fashion industry in terms of beauty standards, and I feel I’m part of that shift. 'I remember on America’s Next Top Model, Tyra Banks asked me if a photographer told me to cover my skin for a shoot, would I do it? I said no. I don’t care who it is, or who thinks I should. I’m going to stay true to myself.'  She also weighed in on her superstar friendship, including her feelings towards fellow supermodel Bella Hadid, as she said: 'Bella Hadid is an inspiration. She continues to master her craft, it’s amazing to witness as her friend. 'When we walked the Tommy Hilfiger show, we were hanging out all day and then flew to Paris together, which was a lot of fun.' Discussing Jourdan Dunn, she said: 'I remember watching Jourdan Dunn rip runways before I was part of our industry and just admiring this goddess killing it. Getting to know her made me love her… Having her cheer on my career is everything.' Speaking about another model, she gushed over Halima Aden, who was the first first woman to wear a hijab in the Miss Minnesota USA pageant. Gushing about her pride in the pioneering star, she said: 'A whole new world of fashion is opening with Princess Halima. I’m so proud of her. 'The other day, she asked me what to do if someone told her not to wear her hijab. I said you have to do what’s right for you, not because the industry makes you feel like you have to. If you don’t want to, then don’t.'  Winnie Harlow: Model covers ELLE magazine and talks new beauty standards in the fashion industry