 Two weeks after the Olusosun dumpsite blaze, at Ojota, Lagos State, experts have declared the billowing smoke from the mounds of trash a public health threat, warning that it is likely to cause epidemics of sudden deaths and non-communicable diseases among Lagos residents. According to them, the inferno with the attendant smokes has become an embarrassment to an aspiring mega city, even as travelers and residents are daily confronted with the stenches that are posing as death threats to them. Health experts say residents and passersby are exposed to lung cancer, stroke, asthma, sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) middle ear disease in kids, heart infections, among other respiratory issues. Sunday INDEPENDENT investigations and interactions show that, apart from the financial losses occasioned by relocation by residents and forced closure of neighbouring schools, artisans around the area have also closed shops thereby threatening their survival. Consequently, some scientists and health experts have warned that the dumpsite poses immediate and long term environmental and health hazards to Lagos residents. They therefore urged the state government to urgently intervene to save millions of residents who have now become vulnerable to the cruel fangs of the deadly stench of the dumpsite, its secondhand smoke and the deadly diseases it causes. According to President , Association of General and Private Medical Practitioners of Nigeria (AGPMN) Dr Frank Odafe, the harmful smoke of such magnitude has a lot of hazards to the body. According to Odafe, the smoke is emitting mixed substances like acetylene and carbon monoxide and many more to the atmosphere that are dangerous to health. He also said the stench from the dumpsite is a huge health and environmental risk. In an exclusive interview with Sunday Independent, Odafe who studied Family Medicine with special interest in Abdominal Surgery, stressed that he “was worried”  that the hazard is both environmental and biological to human. He said that the immediate impact of the pollution includes increased risk to asthma, bronchitis, emphysema and heart failure. Emphysema is a long-term, progressive disease of the lungs that primarily causes shortness of breath due to over-inflation of the alveoli (air sacs in the lung). “More of these health impacts could develop several years later,” he added. Odafe, explained, “inhaling such smoke affects the whole part of the body,” adding, “the main part of the body it affects the most are the lungs and it can also lead to what we call, Chronic Obstructive Airways disease or Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). “This is because the air passage of the lungs becomes impeded when there are deposits on the arteries and that can lead to heart diseases and heart burns. It can also lead to development of cancer of the lungs. He also said, by inhaling such thing, the person becomes a passive smoker and develops COPD; the COPD blocks the flow of air into and out of your lungs. It is a leading cause of death in many parts of the world. For sickle cell patients for instance, the Family Physician said they can develop crises immediately and it can even cost bone marrow disease “leukemia.” Concerning people close by the refuse, he alerted, “their air will be smelly, you see them having visual problem and you discover that the plants will be deprived of oxygen too, the ability to make their food – photosynthesis. “This is because they require life, but such smokes will go up and block the ray of the sun and that creates the problem of lack of photosynthesis for the plants. If you trace it backward, it increases the nutritional problem so all of these are problems.” The AGPMN boss warned, “If this persists for weeks and months, it causes more problems. For women for example, it can course infertility problem and cervical cancer for them too. “For those that live around the area, it can cause colorations of their nails and skin hazard because the water in the environment becomes toxic and polluted and not good for drinking. You find out that the health danger goes round and it is really hazardous to human.” He called for immediate intervention of the state government to avert epidemic occurrence. Odafe stressed: “The government should ensure that sanitary officers do their jobs judiciously and disallow refuge dumping in area that are not mapped out for them. There should be proper refuse disposal mechanisms that are acceptable and not harmful to human health and this should be adopted. “Government may have to evacuate people from the area to a more distance place from the pollution zone and proper care should be taken to avoid future occurrence.” He advised people passing along that area to use a protective nose mask to filter the air and dangerous hydrocarbons that are dangerous to health. On his part, Dr Avidime Solomon, Publicity Secretary, Nigeria Medical Association (NMA), Lagos chapter, observed that refuse at dumpsites is often mixed waste -with paper, plastic containers, bottles, cans and at times electronic goods. Moreover when it accumulates with decomposable wastes from food, dead animals, construction debris and even industrial waste then it is definitely a serious health concern,” Avidime added. “Burning even small amounts of plastic and rubber releases chemicals that are unsafe,” revealed the physician, who said that the air contaminants released depend on the material being burned and the conditions of the fire. “The smoke may include aldehydes, acids, nitrogen oxides, sulphur oxides, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), dioxins, furans, other organics and volatilised heavy metals. “The greatest health risk from the open burning of garbage at a waste disposal ground is for those closest to the fire who may inhale the smoke.” “The pollutants are all toxic to humans depending on their concentration and may cause irritation, skin and respiratory problems. Some are carcinogenic. Those individuals with respiratory problems such as asthma or with allergies may be even more sensitive to the smoke,” he explained. Also, Dr. Kay Adesola, immediate past Secretary General of Association of General Medical Practitioners of Nigeria (AGMPN), in an interview with Sunday Independent, stressed,  the colossal blaze with smoke and pollutants from the site is still posing a threat to the entire Lagos environment. The order of the state government for residents of Olasosun to relocate to safer parts of the state, is a welcome one, Adesola said, charging that residents inhaling polluted air, consistent for over two weeks can ‘gravely’ affect their susceptibility to developing chronic obstructive pulmonary disorders in the long term. Dr Adesola, told Sunday Independent that he is “very concerned” about the effects the recurrent dump fires can have and in some cases has had on residents in the nearby communities, claiming that air pollution of this kind is “a huge risk factor” for cancer and other chronic disorders. He noted that the recurrent fires pose a “particular” risk to children and the elderly as he said those individuals have “diminished lung functions.” Dr. Adesola also expressed concerns over the various carcinogens that may be contained in the smoke emanating from the site during a fire, adding that because “we don’t know what’s burning.” He said that there is no real way “to determine its long term effects from 10 to 19 years and what happens when somebody is diagnosed with some cancer that is likely linked to the recurrent exposure” to the fires. On the immediate clinical symptoms that could arise from the burning dump site, the family physician said people around the area could have “immediate clinical symptoms including irritation of the eyes, nose, throat, while in some people, the smell of the smoke could trigger nausea and vomiting. “It can make some people develop difficulty in breathing. Some people that have asthma symptoms could also develop very severe difficulty in breathing, depending on the severity; it can kill the person immediately,” he added. He called on government to ‘change the way it manages the dumpsite.’ Olusosun dumpsite, receiving about 9,000 tonnes of waste every day, is the largest in Africa and one of the largest in the world.  He queried rhetorically: “But, when last did the government carry out an upgrade to make it ready for a dumpsite eventuality? Or to bring it up to par to international best practices?” Already, the smoke had started taking its toll on both occupants of offices and residential buildings in the neigbouring areas of Ojota, Alausa, Oregun and Ikosi to Ojota. A visit to the area weekend showed that most of the offices in the area had continued to shut their doors and windows, relying on some cooling machines to survive inside. Other residents in the area told Daily Independent that they have had to endure with inhaling the pollution, because they couldn’t afford the luxury of buying a cooling system that would help mitigate the effects of the environmental pollution on them. While calling on the state government to come to the aid of people living in the area, Mr. John Douglas, who works in one of the offices at Mobolaji Johnson Avenue, located very close to the dumpsite, advised the state government to devise better ways of disintegrating the refuse on the site. “Since two weeks, we’ve been living with this. The smoke is all over the place and it is poisonous. “Since then, we can hardly work in our offices, we can hardly breathe. Unfortunately, nobody seems to be doing anything about this,” Douglas lamented. Similarly, Mr. Misu Adedokun whose mechanic workshop is located very close to the motor ways avenue explained that some of his workers and apprentices had resorted to spending shorter time in the office due to the pollution. Another mechanic, simply known as Austin, whose workshop is close to Olusosun dumpsite confirmed to Daily Independent in an exclusive interview that the state government asked them to quit the area. Responding to if he had relocated, he explained, “I have not found a new workshop, but I have been managing to offer skeletal services, while am still looking around for a new workshop. We hope that the state government would provide us some relief.” The mechanic, who said that he left from General Motors Nigeria Limited to establish his workshop 12 years ago at Ojota, close to Olusosun dumpsite, said that the neigbourhood heaved some sigh of relief two days ago following the rain which quenched the smoke. He said: “The rain of two days came as an answered prayer. We are now praying for more rain so that the fire and smoke will completely stop. That is our prayer.” Answering questions on the fate of residents around his workshop, he said; “some of them are beginning to return, with the hope that the onset of rains will stop the fire and enable them carry out their daily activities.” Concerning schools in the area, Austin confirmed that they closed at the instance of the directives of the state government following the outbreak of the inferno two weeks ago. Both the private and public schools were forced to shut down by blaze. “However, with the onset of the rains, they are likely to resume. You know we are now on Easter holidays, hopefully, they will resume after the holidays.” In the 1990s, the dumpsite was located on the outskirts of the densely populated Lagos metropolis, but due to population explosion accompanied by urban housing expansion, the site later found itself sitting amidst the commercial and residential enclaves of Ojota, Alausa, Oregun and Ikosi. In those years, one is not sure whether the government instituted improved methods of landfill management at Olusosun. For example, factoring the most possible cause of spontaneous combustion, the government would have introduced methane gas detection and collection methods, “to ensure that gas collection systems are not overdrawn and that collected gas is either flared or converted in energy,” experts have reasoned. The post Lagos Dumpsite Blaze: Experts Warn Of Cancer, Asthma, Heart Diseases
appeared first on Independent Newspapers Nigeria. Lagos Dumpsite Blaze: Experts Warn Of Cancer, Asthma, Heart Diseases