Primate Elijah Ayodele of INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church, with headquarters in Lagos State, has warned the former governor of Lagos State, Senator Bola Tinubu to be wary of his rapprochement with President Muhammadu Buhari, noting that it was all a deception. The cleric, who maintained that the former governor would be used and dumped by the president, called on the Senate President, Dr Bukola Saraki, to contest for the presidency in 2019 or face the wrath of God. Ayodele stated these on Saturday, at the dedication of the Emi Ni Aseyori Kan Pro Cathedral, a.k.a. Sope Parish, at the Primate Ayodele Avenue, Isheri-Olofin, Lagos. “The present ‘romance’ going on between Senator  Bola Ahmed Tinubu and Buhari is deception; they’re deceiving Tinubu. They just want to use him and dump him. Until we appreciate God and not man, the country will continue to experience underdevelopment,” he said. On the 2019 presidential election, the cleric stated that God had ordained Saraki to help Nigeria, saying: “I want to tell Saraki now to make up his mind, because God has ordained him to help this country. He should come out to contest for president. It’s not by noise. At the moment, he is the one who can move Nigeria forward. So, I want him to take the bold step and make up his mind or else, God would deal with him. I don’t make predictions; I give prophecies. However, I am not God. God can choose to delay when fulfilling certain prophecies. “What is happening with the  administration of President Muhammad Buhari, God had told me and I said it; these things are happening now. Everything happening in the country now has been foretold.” Speaking on the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Primate Ayodele said: “The PDP is suffering from spiritual nemesis. PDP is not serious. The party needs spiritual cleansing and adjustment.” On the future of Nigeria as a united country, he said: “Nigeria will break apart in the nearest future. However, the country has a bright future if we get the right leaders. We need somebody who has the future of the country in mind. There is too much suffering in the land; no light, no food, no good roads. Many things are at a standstill. Even government parastatal-agencies are, in some cases, not funded by government. We must continue to pray for peace.”  The post Buhari’ll use, dump you again, Primate Ayodele warns Tinubu appeared first on Tribune. Buhari’ll use, dump you again, Primate Ayodele warns Tinubu