 The PDP lawmakers want the Buhari led government to address the economic concerns rather than apportion blames on the last administration.  Lawmakers from opposition party in Nigeria have asked President Buhari to address the concerns raised by Bill Gates over the Nigerian economy. The lawmakers went further to accuse the current administration of superseding previous administrations in sinister art of deceit and propaganda. Some Nigerian lawmakers have asked President Muhammadu Buhari to address the concerns raised by billionaire business magnate, Bill Gates over the Nigerian economy. Lawmakers at the House of Representatives on the platform of the opposition party, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) want the Buhari led government to address the economic concerns rather than apportion blames on the last administration. The PDP caucus of the lawmakers, in a statement signed by the Minority Leader, Leo Ogor, said after three years of APC in power, Nigerians have fared worse than with any other government in power. The statement read: “Although, the APC government is known not to be a listening one, last Thursday, the Co-Chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, Mr. Bill Gates, emphatically stated that the Federal Government’s Economic Recovery and Growth Plan was not reflective of the people’s needs. “It is an open secret that under the APC, Nigerians have fared worse on the misery index; those who were rich before are no longer investing, the poor are becoming poorer while almost 30 million Nigerians are either unemployed or under-employed.  “According to Bill Gates, the APC government’s concentration on physical infrastructure to the detriment of human capital development exposes the undesirable inadequacies in the health and education sectors.” The lawmakers went further to accuse the current administration of superseding previous administrations in sinister art of deceit and propaganda. “Over and over, it has been proven that the current APC government in Nigeria beats all preceding administrations, including the colonial ones, in the sinister art of deceitful lies and propaganda. “With fiendish mercilessness, the APC’s 2015 campaign milked the unfortunate abduction of the Chibok girls for every available ounce of propaganda and disinformation against the preceding administration. “Its campaign rhetoric and official hoopla from the lying minister had included rescuing of the Chibok girls and achieving total defeat of the Boko Haram insurgents. “Today, the APC government nurses palpable fear over any scrutiny of its errors in Dapchi or its unusual generosity towards Boko Haram, which it promised to defeat but now almost sees as a partner with which to share deep and befuddling confidence.” The PDP lawmakers have continually condemned President Buhari's administration claiming the opposition party has the capabilities to put Nigeria aright. Politics: Lawmakers want Buhari to focus on Bill Gates' concerns on Nigeria's economy