 Sexy games that are way more fun than truth or dare and pillow fighting. Even if things aren't boring yet. who says no extra fun?! Depending on where you are in your sex game with your boo, these seven games will surely bring an extra spark or pump up the energy and intensity of your relationship. You and your bae write down fantasies you have yet to share with your partner. Put the slips of paper into a hat or a bowl, then take turns unfolding them, one by one. What's next? Of course you execute them! This allows you to try out a whole bunch of new, super-sexy things. You'll need a large bag full of props for this one — a fireman's hat, a nurse's dress, a face mask, cheerleader's skirt, etc Take turns reaching nto the bag. Whichever prop you grab is a role play fantasy you have to act out. Hey, a little role play never hurt anybody, right?! To have a blast with this game, [you catch the pun, right?] pick a time interval — 15 minutes sounds fair enough. Whatever interval you choose, tease each other with kissing, touching, and every form of foreplay you want but you absolutely should not allow penetration until that much time has elapsed. This is perfect if you have been having problems with hurried foreplay. Take your time on this one and rediscover the magic of roving hands and warm lips. ALSO READ: You and bae should try sex at these 20 places at least once A necktie, scarf, or a blindfold and you're ready to roll with this one. Blindfold him and lead him to the bed or some other part of the house you prefer. Proceed to ravish him as slowly, recklessly and teasingly as you want. Being unable to see during sex has two major effects — it dramatically increases sensitivity and psychological vulnerability. Enough said. Whisper in your man's ear all the wrong things you did that day. Did you fail to finish your task at work? Did you leave the dishes in the sink when you promised to wash it? Did you curse a colleague at work or forgot to call a client you should have? Just report yourself to him then kneel on the bed. Your man spanks you using his hand or a hairbrush or a not-too-scary disciplinary accessory. A smart smack on the butt creates a tingly, alert sensation that combines well with the other feelings of sex. You'll love it. Bring in a squeeze bottle of honey and plant little dollops of honey on parts of your body that you want your partner to kiss. Just be sure to have some tissue or wet wipes around. You could draw a little treasure map toward your underwear, or use the sticky markers to note erogenous zones he hasn't explored yet, like your toes or collar bone. This is an x-rated version of that childhood game everyone loves. The next time your partner is on their way home, leave a pile of your clothes by the door and a note in the entryway saying you're hiding somewhere naked. Once they find you, they get to decide what comes next — and then you can do the seeking for round two. Romantic: 7 sex games you absolutely have to try with bae