 Blunders when it comes to finances in a relationships poses a big problem. If couples are not on the same page when it comes to financial matters, it is very likely it affects their finances which creates a place for financial blunders. Blunders when it comes to finances in a relationships poses a big  problem. Here are 5 financial blunders couples need to take note of. Setting no financial ground rules is one financial blunder every coule must take note of and try to avoid. As couples, you should set ground rules for your finances. How much should be spent during the week and weekend, how much should be saved and so on There are a lot of financial decisions couples should make which is why financial ground rules must be set. ALSO READ: Expenses you need to cut out to improve your finance It helps to make simple, quick and fast money decisions. This is one of the major financial blunders every couple should avoid.  Couples should have financial discussions consistently. Not having regular financial discussions might be bad for couples finances. Take time out with your partner to talk about your financial status and how you can improve on it. Couples need to totally avoid this. This could destroy not only your finance as a couple but also your relationship. If you keep secrets concerning finances from your partner or you don’t bother about your partner’s finances, then you will be having serious financial problems. ALSO READ: Why it is difficult for you to pay off debt As long as you guys are together, you guys are meant to tell yourselves your financial problems and find ways on how to solve such issues. As long as you guys are couples, it is important that both of you come together to handle financial issues. Leaving one person to do it all might not be good for your finances. Don’t put the burden of paying all the bills on just one person. As long as both of you are earning an income, you should both split the bills. ALSO READ: How young adults can make more money All you have to do is sit down, discuss and agree on which of the bills both of you should take up. This keeps both of you on the same page financially. Couples should have financial goals they plan to achieve within a time range, both short-term financial goals and long-term financial goals. Having no financial goal as couples will be bad for couple finances in the future. Financial Tips: Financial blunders couples should take note of