 The South-East chairman of the group also alleged that criminal disguised as herdsmen are going about to cause trouble in host communities. Sadiqu also called on Nigerians to be fair to herdsmen across the country. According to Daily Post, the South-East chairman alleged that criminal disguised as herdsmen are going about to cause trouble in host communities. He also debunked rumours that its members are planning to attack some states in the South-Eastern part of Nigeria. Sadiqu said “We also advise our members to participate actively during the coming election by obtaining PVC.This will bring them close to their host to reduce suspicion and hatred. ALSO READ: Army denies shielding Fulani herdsmen in Benue state “We urge our members to be submissive to the committee’s that were constituted by the government to mitigate menace that is coming from the Fulani’s or their hosts.” The Chairman of the Presidential Advisory Committee on Anti-corruption (PACAC), Itse Sagay recently said that Fulani herdsmen are not afraid of any form of government. He also described the group as wild animals who don’t have any respect for the sanctity of life. Fulani Herdsmen: Miyetti Allah warns troublesome cattle rearers Gaa Ajitena, a Fulani/Bororo settlement in Osuntedo, Osun State The belief among Yoruba communities that have Fulani/Bororo herdsmen as settlers is that indigenes are at risk as they would be the target of diverse criminal acts perpetrated by marauding herdsmen. YEJIDE GBENGA-OGUNDARE, after a visit to Osuntedo, a community in… November 7, 2017 In "News" The recent killings in Benue, Nasarawa, Kaduna, Ondo and several other states by the Fulani herdsmen, have once more led to public outcry across the nation. The herdsmen sometime ago wreaked havoc in Enugu and several other states in the South East, South West the Niger Delta. Until this week,… January 7, 2018 In "News" GOVERNOR Ayodele Fayose of Ekiti State has called on the Nigerian military to direct their activities like “operations Python Dance and Crocodile Smile” to those areas in Nigeria, especially the North Central States of Benue, Plateau as well as North East States like Taraba and Adamawa where Fulani herdsmen are… October 30, 2017 In "News"