 After the Florida shooting, calls to boycott the National Rifle Association are growing. Here are the companies that still give perks to NRA members. On February 14, gunman Nikolas Cruz allegedly killed 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. The shooting swiftly reinvigorated a national debate on gun control, with the teenage survivors leading the charge on demands for reform. Some of the backlash has centered on the National Rifle Association (NRA), an organization that promotes gun rights in the United States. As multiple news outlets have noted, the NRA has become a strong political force, due largely to its political donations and millions of members. One big way that the NRA retains its members is through discounts on everything from car insurance to hotel rooms. Dozens of American companies have partnered with the NRA to offer special perks to members. On the NRA membership benefits page, it stresses the "access to hundreds of dollars in savings" as a reason to join the organization. As of this writing, the hashtag #BoycottNRA has garnered more than 2.1 million impressions. Several companies have decided to stop offering discounts to NRA members after the Florida shooting. They include Enterprise Rent-A-Car, National, Alamo, Hertz, and Avis Budget Group. An activist group, which simply calls itself " target="_blank"Boycott NRA Partners," has created a Google Doc that lists retailers that haven't cut ties with the NRA. Below are the ones that Business Insider could verify: Vinesse did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment. eHealth did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment. Emergency Assistance Plus did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment. Global Rescue did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment. Hotel Planner did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment. Life Line Screening did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment. Lockton Affinity did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment. Long-Term Care Resources did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment. Medical Concierge Network did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment. North American Van Lines did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment. Paramount Rx did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment. Securian did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment. Starkey Hearing Technologies did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment. Teladoc did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment. Toco Warranty Corp. did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment. On Call International did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment. Visa did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment. Voya Financial did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment. Strategy: An anti-NRA movement is calling for the boycott of these 18 companies