 Lagos – The 5th edition of the African Wrestling Championships hosted by Nigeria ended penultimate weekend involving about 30 African countries with Nigeria winning the championship with about 50 medals. Some of the countries that took part in the championships aside Nigeria are, Liberia, Egypt, Guinea Bissau, Tunisia, Algeria, Morocco, Namibia and Kenya. Others are Burundi, Cameron, Cote d’ Ivoire, Senegal, Ghana, Uganda, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Sudan, Madagascar and Senegal. The feat of the Nigerian wrestlers at the championships, which held at the Alfred Diete Spiff Sports Complex, Port Harcourt, Rivers State no doubt, is a memorable one. Against all odds, the championships solely sponsored by the Rivers State Government ended on a hitch free note without any security worries irrespective of the volatile nature of the state’s political atmosphere. Jobs were provided for the youths of the state, before and during the championships; this incidentally snowballed into improving the economy of the people which on the other way round helped doused the tension in the state for a while. Hence Governor Wike said that the hosting of the championships, tagged “Port Harcourt 2018”, was geared towards foisting regional unity as well as provide platform for highly talented national wrestlers to prove themselves. The successful hosting under a peaceful atmosphere also gave reasons to believe the governor who described Rivers State as safe haven for investors, adding that the state has the capacity to host more events. “Rivers has the capacity to host more sporting activities with the facilities on the ground in the state at national and international levels. Thus, the governor showed further appreciation by commending the United World Wrestling and Nigeria Wrestling Federation for choosing Rivers to host the event without bias. There were also words of commendation from President Muhammadu Buhari who was represented by the Minister of Sports and Youths Development, Solomon Dalung. He said that sport could also promote the well being of a nation. A run down of the events showed that the Team Nigeria wrestlers emerged top in the cadet women wrestling, junior freestyle, senior women wrestling and senior freestyle wrestling. In a chronological order (below) of events at the end of the competition on Sunday night (February 11), South Africa won the Cadet Free Style followed by Nigeria in the second place with Algeria finishing in the third position. In the Men Wrestling Cadet, Egypt came first with Nigeria and Algeria picking the second and third places. Also, Nigeria won the Women version with Tunisia and second and third respectively. Host Nigeria again came top spot in the Junior Category Free Style with Algeria and Egypt picking the silver and bronze medals. In the Junior Greco Roman, Egyptian wrestlers won the gold and bronze medals leaving Nigeria with the silver. Tunisia won the Women Wrestling, Junior Category with Nigeria and Algeria settling for the silver and bronze respectively. In the senior category, Nigeria won her dominant area of strength, the men and women Free-Style leaving South Africa and Egypt picking the second and third places. Egypt maintained her strength in the Greco-Roman with Algeria and Morocco settling for the silver and bronze. In the same vein, female wrestler, Sunmisola Balogun has gained from the competition as she is already qualified for the 2018 Youth Olympic Games scheduled to hold in Buenos Aires, Argentina between October 6 and 18; this is by virtue of her performance – she won at the Wrestling Championship. The team trophies were presented in this order: Cadet Free Style; Algeria (Third Position), Nigeria (Second Place) and South Africa (First Place), Free style Cadet; Algeria (Third Position), Nigeria (Second Position), Egypt (First Position ) . Women Wrestling Cadet: Egypt (Third Position) Tunisia (Second Position) and Nigeria (First Position) Junior Category Free Style: Egypt (Third Position), Algeria (Second Position) and Nigeria (First Position), Junior Greco Roman: Egypt (Third Position), Nigeria  (Second Position) and Egypt (First Position), Women Wrestling, Junior Category: Algeria (Third Position), Nigeria (Second Position), Tunisia (First Position). Roman: Morocco (Third Position), Algeria (Second Position), Egypt (First Position), Senior Free Style: Egypt (Third Position), South Africa (Second Position) and Nigeria (First Position). In all of these, stakeholders are apprehensive of the future of the athletes after the “Port Harcourt 2018” – the way forward – building on the success of this dispensation in subsequent championship. This is against the backdrop that Nigeria has often times capitulated when it mattered most at the bigger stages – making performance as the Wrestling Championship a fluke. A development which is believed to as result of non quality competitions; the African Championship is said to be below standard as only Nigeria and Egypt seemed to be the only quality opponents and proponents. Daniel Igali, the president, Nigeria Wrestling Federation (NWF) in his comment at the performance of the Team Nigeria clearly affirmed that the wrestlers were impressive. Igali said that he was particularly impressed by the skills exhibited by the Cadet Team. ”Over the years, we didn’t have a cadet team and I’m glad we have now and they are pulling their weights. Igali however, agreed that it is not yet time for a tea party as it is still a building process. “We are not there yet but it’s a gradual process and we are on the right path to get it right eventually. ““When I started wrestling then, there was nothing like cadet team. I started wrestling at age 16 and it was straight to the senior team. ”This is a good development because it provides an avenue to catch them young and groom them well to fully maximize their potential.” Honour Sirawowo, who is the President of Nigeria Sports Writers Association (SWAN) corroborates Igali: “We have to start from somewhere; the good thing in this championship is that we now have a federation leader that knows what to do to move the game forward and we can build on it. “We must not be carried away by this success, but we are happy at it; jobs were created. The facilities in the state have been further upgraded to encourage hosting of more events and training of athletes.” While the wrestling federation is still savouring its success, it is a call for more work to be done as there is need to prove further that this success is not a flash in the pan – the team should be prepared for other international competitions for more exposure. In the same vein, government should not fail to accord the athletes their due honour – their allowances and other remunerations should duly be paid as delay could cause disaffections among the athletes which could affect their future performances. The post ‘Way Forward After Port Harcourt 2018’
appeared first on Independent Newspapers Nigeria. ‘Way Forward After Port Harcourt 2018’