 Lagos Edward Akinlade, Chairman of Suru Group, has alleged that Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria (AMCON)’s plan to take over, Best Western Plus Hotel, one of Suru Group’s holdings, located on Allen Avenue, Ikeja, Lagos, is illegal. Akinklade is therefore calling on the Federal government and well-meaning members of the public to intervene in the crisis. While addressing newsmen in Lagos a fortnight ago, Akinlade, who denounced AMCON for the alleged plan to seize his property, said AMCON officials had on September 22, last year, stormed his property located in Ikeja with armed policemen to forcefully eject staff and customers from the hotel building in their attempt to seal up the facility over allegations that the hotel is indebted to Oceanic Bank (now Ecobank) to the tune of  N15.3 billion. Claiming that AMCON is plotting to sell the property without due process, the Suru Group boss noted that “In 2014, AMCON sued us, saying that we owed them N15.3billion, but the suit was dismissed by Justice M. B Idris and the sum of N50 was awarded as cost in favour of our company. But AMCON still went to another court and sued us again as counter-claim.” Akinlade stated further that judgment was again given by another judge, Justice M. S Hassan on March 22, 2018 in his company’s favour, stating the “Counter-claim is an abuse of judicial process. “It seeks to relegate issues that have been determined by the court. It is an attempt to restore Suit No FHC/L/CS/218/2014, which has been dismissed by the court on 22/6/2015.” He noted however that even after the last judgment, AMCON has still not given up as it has again appealed against the judgment. “Judgment was given on the 22nd of March 2018 and AMCON appealed again the following day, saying the judgment is wrong,” he said. “But by the judgment we had in March this year, the court said we do not owe AMCON and therefore it cannot seize our property. But as at today, AMCON is still sitting on our property at Allen. They have Mobile Police there every day.” Akinlade lamented that AMCON is bent on frustrating his company to let go its property, adding, “We defeated AMCON in the Federal High Court in Lagos, but what it has done now is that it has appealed to the Court of Appeal. “We know we are still going to win the case at the Appeal Court and we also know that AMCON will still take the case to the Supreme Court after we have won in the Appeal Court; and when we win the case at the Supreme Court, the question is: who will get for us our property from AMCON? “AMCON is committing fraud and judicial recklessness against our company. So we are calling on the Federal Government to intervene and call AMCON to order. “As we speak, AMCON is making arrangement through a receiver to sell that hotel for about N1.7 billion naira, a property worth N6 billion, in spite of this judgment. “Whereas the court says it is not your property, but AMCON wants to sell the property using a fraudulent legal mortgage.” Akinlade, who said the hotel has recorded a lot of losses added: “The hotel makes on average about N900 million every year; but right now we are making no money. “Secondly, we had a Best Western franchise but right now, Best Western has withdrawn its name from the hotel because under the agreement we had, once a hotel is closed for three months, they would remove their name. So there is no more Best Western Plus, Ikeja. “The hotel which has been closed since September 22, 2017 has items inside worth billions. When the hotel was functioning, the items were valued at N6.2 billion; but now AMCON is saying they’re valued at N1.9billion. “So there have been substantial losses, including the loss of our reputation.” The post AMCON’s Plot To Take Over Best Western Hotel Is Illegal, Suru Group Claims  AMCON’s Plot To Take Over Best Western Hotel Is Illegal, Suru Group Claims