By Funmi Komolafe Brethren, welcome to the first Sunday in the fifth month of the year. May the month of May usher in all  pending miracles in Jesus name. Today’s edition focuses on the WORD. How powerful can words be? Who can use the word and what could be its effect? As believers in Christ our first knowledge of the word isfound in the book of Genesis1 vs. 3 “ And God said, Let there be light: and there was light”. Also in Genesis 1 vs. 6 it is stated, “And God said, Letthere be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters”. We can go on and on.  Many verses in that chapter recorded that God used the Word to achieve many amazing things that have remained with us even till today. In the new testament, we are introduced to the Word in a personified and spiritual sense.   John 1 vs. 1 “ In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God and the Word wasGod”. Just as God can use the word, so also Satan can use the word. The difference is  what it is used for and the consequence.  Whereas the Word of God can nullify the word of Satan, the devil’s word can never render effective the word of God. However, the word of Satan could be effective in the lifeand destinies of human beings whose life is barren of the word of God. What exactly do I mean? A man goes to visit an herbalist and asks the herbalist to make sure that the baby in the womb of his ex- girlfriend is not born alive. What does the herbalist do? Now, he does not need to see the lady or even have  her picture . All he would do is to send evil words to the womb of that lady and if her life is not filled with the word of God, even if the pregnancy is over seven months, it will be aborted in a manner that doctors will be unable toexplain. Let me share with you a few true-life examples.  A married woman who had been trusting God for the fruit of the womb got pregnant. This woman a good Christian intensified her study of the word of God even as she went for church services regularly. One afternoon, while trying to have a nap in her room, she felt a spirit being enter  her room through the wall. It moved towards her with the intention to lay hands on her stomach. The woman took her Holy Bible that was close to her pillow and shouted, “  I cast you out in the name of Jesus”. Immediately, I mean immediately, the spirit being went out through the wall the same way it came into her room.  Before then, this woman had a record of  so many miscarriages. Brethren, what if the Holy Spirit did not empower her to use the word, she would have suffered another miscarriage but to the glory of God,she delivered that particular baby which was the first in over a decade. The Holy Bible tells us about the efficacy of the word of God in Hebrews 4 vs. 12 “For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper  than any two edged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart”. This, however, does not happen  automatically. It does not happen just because you are a Christian. The Holy Bible gives us more knowledge of the efficacy of the word in Proverbs 18 vs. 21 “ Death and life are in the power of the tongue: and they that love it shall eat the fruit thereof”. The word becomes  effective in your life when you have studied it enough to know when and how to use it. Sometimes, we need to memorize it and this is why we are taught memory verses. I give another example.    A  newly married wife took in and in her dream, two women appeared to her and said, to her, “you will never have children in this marriage”. Almost immediately, another voice spoke to her “ they are liars”. That was the story of the woman’s journey to delay in childbearing. For over 20 years, she waited. Even her husband almost gave up.  To the glory of God, today, she is a mother.  She had single baby boy and also a set of twins. Clearly, those who spoke were agents of Satan but the counter voice was that of the Holy Spirit. Finally, the word of God came to pass.  Liars were put to shame and today; they arealive to see the woman become a mother. When the Lord speaks, there must be a result that will give you joy. By the grace of God in the new month of May, you will hear a voice that will make your life joyful in the name of Jesus. However, we must appreciate the fact that without faith,your  spoken word could be ineffective. I’m sure we know that many times, the word we speak is an indication of our thoughts. You just have to believe in what you say for it to produce any result. Let’s see an example in the ministry of our Lord Jesus when the Centurion whose servant was sick met Jesus. Matthew 8 vs. 5-10. Verses 7 & 8 recorded their conversationthis way, “ And Jesus saith unto him, I will come and heal him. The centurion answered and said, Lord, I am not worthythat thou shouldest come under my roof: but speak the word only, and my servant shall be healed”. See how Jesus reacted in verse 10  “ When Jesus heard it, he marveled and said to them that followed, Verily I say unto you,  I have not found so great faith, no not inIsrael”. The response of our Lord is all the confirmation that weneed that we must have faith for the word to produce the desired result in our lives. Parents, what do you say to your children?  It is because the word is so effective thatparents are advised never to curse their children no matter the degree of provocation. In the same vein,wives should watch the words that they speak in anger to their spouses. What you thought you said casually may be the word that would change the destiny of that child or your spouse negatively and when this happens, you will also be a victim. Testimony-  Let me share the testimony of a medical doctor.  The doctor was taking his bath and somehow he fell  and was badly injured.  Blood gushed out of him as if flowing from a river. He was rushed to a private hospital that immediately referred him to another hospital. As he was being moved from one hospital to another, he kept saying, “I shall not die, I shall live to declare the works of the Lord”. As a medical doctor he knew that losing so much blood could mean losing his life but he kept saying “ I shall not die”.  Another person would have said, “ I am dying help me”. Need I say that to the glory of God, this man did not die.  As I write today, he lives. The lesson for us is that  whatever is our emotional state; we must speak the word of positively to ourselves. Brethren, let’s  link our faith with the Word and the result will be amazing miracles in the name of Jesus. May  the Lord favour us this month in Jesus name.  The post Effective Word, amazing miracle appeared first on Vanguard News. Effective Word, amazing miracle