 Abuja – Coalition for Peace in Nigeria (CFPN) has accused the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) of promoting terrorism in the country. Danesi Momoh, national convener of the group, stated this in a statement issued in Abuja on Sunday. Momoh wondered why a reputable organisation like UNICEF would allow some of its staff to enlist in the club of undercover agents of foreign forces against Nigeria, in disguised support for terrorism. CFPN also lamented the alleged attempts by some international organisations, who have rendered themselves to do some disgusting undercover jobs for foreign forces which have sworn to destabilise, polarise and divide Nigeria. He said: “We are aware of the many attempts by some international organisations who have rendered themselves to do some disgusting undercover jobs for foreign forces which have sworn to destabilise, polarise and divide Nigeria. “It is no secret that such organisations are laying the template for the country’s total breakup through terrorism by often manufacturing and fabricating outright falsehoods, timed to rhyme with the periods the Nigerian military is breaking grounds in the war against terror, particularly in the North East. “However, what never occurred to us is the possibility that a reputable organisation like UNICEF would allow some of its staff to enlist in the club of undercover agents of foreign forces against Nigeria, in disguised support for terrorism. “Of course, you are aware of the latest sensational report cooked by three staff of UNICEF, namely Priscilla Hoveyda, Maher Farea and Milen Kidane, who are working in the North East. The trio conspiratorially released a report alleging Nigerian troops raped 20 girls in IDP camps in Borno State. “This transparently condemnable, false and malicious report against Nigerian troops, yawningly betrayed the satanic motives of the crafters or originators. “And we believe it is intended to denigrate the Nigerian military, project a bad image about Nigeria before the comity of nations and dampen the morale of troops on the warfront against terrorists and nothing more. “We know these paid agents have designed the report to undermine the fighting spirit of troops, to enable remnants of terrorists regain lost grounds to the pleasure of the sponsors. “Further, the timing of this fictional and imaginary report is to halt or frustrate the sale of Tucano jets to Nigeria, at a time the Nigerian government has reached advanced stages in actions over the contract with the United States Government for the purchase of 12 Tucano jets to assist the military battle terrorism in the country. “The report from the UNICEF staff has understandably provoked outrage from Nigerians, especially the  coalition of Civil Society Organisations (CSOs) who have demanded a retraction and an apology from UNICEF to the Nigerian military and the government of Nigeria.” “We are amazed that UNICEF has forgotten its main briefs in the Northeast. The organization has declined from responding to the humanitarian crisis and needs as it affects children in IDP camps. “It has fortuitously become an alarmist and a pillar of covert support of sponsors and agents of terrorists tormenting our country. It is inexplicable to think that after abandoning their noble mandates, they would rather prefer to serve as ransom negotiators and cover for Boko Haram terrorists.” The post Group Accuses UNICEF Of Promoting Terrorism In Nigeria  Group Accuses UNICEF Of Promoting Terrorism In Nigeria