 LAFIA – After series of attacks carried out by suspected Fulani herdsmen on villages occupied by indigenous Tiv farmers in the southern part of Nasarawa State, the displaced Tiv people lamenting that they are no longer safe. And they want both the federal and state governments to guarantee their safety by providing them enough security to enable them go back home to their villages. Special investigations by our correspondent reveal that the crisis which started on January 2nd this year, led to lost of lives of about 200 Tiv people, including men, women and children, while over 15 villages were razed to rumbles. Last week Tuesday, suspected Fulani herdsmen attacked Ihuman village in Awe LG and killed 37 Tiv farmers in separate attacks. He spoke with some of the affected Tiv farmers and village heads in the state, who counted their losses and narrated the stress and danger they are experiencing. One of the Tiv leaders in Keana Local government of the southern part of the state, Benjamin Orjime, who lost his belongings and lives of his relative said, during the crisis his people lost property worth millions of naira in the mayhem. His words: “ We lost property worth millions of naira during the crisis. The first attack was in my community, Keana Local government. During that attack some of our brothers got missing, and up till now we have not seen their corpses. Two got missing in Horji and three in Torcha all in Keana LGA. “The so-called relief items government is giving us are not enough compared to our local food. Apart from that, a Tiv man prefer going to his farm and get his food. The relief material they are talking about is just Indomie. What is a Tiv person doing with Indolmie?,” he queried.  “Tiv people prefer eating their pounded yam than Indolmie.” “We prefer going home (to their villages of settlement), instead of all these relief materials. Let government provide security for us to go home,” he pleaded. Also speaking, Mr. Barnabas Ikyowe, the ward head of Orkekyo in Dudu Obi Local government Area of Nasarawa State, explained his ordeals during the attack. He lamented that, “my people have lost their lives and properties. I cannot remember the number of people that have lost their lives and properties.  What we are doing is calling on government to come to our aid by providing security in these places.” Such areas like Orkiriki, Aporchi, and Ekejor all in Adudu in Obi Local government area. These are places people have lost their lives. “And up till now, we have not received any help from the government. But we have security men on ground. If you go to Immo we have police men station there, if you go to Ikejor they are also there, so with this effort, we see that government is also trying to arrest the situation,” he said. Nasarawa State President of Tiv youth organization, Peter Ahemba said, the crisis that started from January has led to death of many Tiv people, and property worth billions of naira destroyed. According to him, “lives were lost, property, houses and domestic animals destroyed in Keana, Doma, Awe, Obi and part of Lafia local government areas of the state. “The victims are only the Tiv people, right now as I speak with you, no house is standing in most of the affected villages, the invaders have completely destroyed those houses. Apart from that, over 130 lives have been killed including women and children in Nasarawa State alone.” “It is very unfortunate, that is why we continue to call on government to come our aide because as it is now, the situation is beyond our control. Most of the internally displaced persons who are currently in the IDPs camps are completely in hunger. There is no food for them to feed on, even though government has tried with some succors. “What we need now is adequate security should be provided for people to go back to their villages. I think that will help instead of giving them gari and Indomie to feed on.” He disclosed that the crisis started on 2nd of January this year till date and we have lost about 137 people. In fact, we have not been able to recover corpses of some of our people who have been killed in the bush by the herdsmen. “Most of our communities are under siege by Fulani terrorists, our villages have become their villages no way now to go to our villages now and see whether our houses are still there or not. Government should rise up to its responsibility by providing security to Tiv people in Nasarawa State. This is constitutional mandate for government,” he said. Also narrating his loses, the village head of Kuduku in Keana Local Government Area of the state, Chief Augustine Kuza, said, “we lost a lot of things because it was constant attacks on us. This current one caused a lot of damages, now as I speak with you I don’t have a house to live in if we go back today. As I speak to you, I lost so many valuables including my car. The village head narrated how Tiv people had settled in the southern part of Nasarawa State. He recalled that they had settled in that part of the state when Nigeria operated under regions. He therefore, wondered why herders want to eliminate Tiv tribe from the map of the state, Chief Kuza lamented. He debunked speculations that the cause of their fight with herders was because of the chaff herders were feeding on their farms, adding that it has been decades they were living peacefully together with the herders. Jorge Zauka, the Tiv leader from Doma also narrated his ordeal. He said, “ We in Doma we lost lives and property worth millions of naira, all houses belonging to Tiv farmers in Doma have been razed down. We learnt last week that, the few remaining ones have been destroyed. “The food stuff we left have been destroyed, the remaining were given to their cows to feed on, We have lost about 15 people in Doma. On whether government is coming to their aide, Zauka narrated that, “government has not shown any interest in coming to their aide, the first time government intervened on our plight was food items were brought to the IDPs camps, “ he lamented. The post Tiv In Nasarawa Cry For Help, As Herdsmen Raze 15 Villages, Kill 200  Tiv In Nasarawa Cry For Help, As Herdsmen Raze 15 Villages, Kill 200