 Government’s continued emphasis on revenue generation by its agencies responsible for regulating activities of service providers and users at the nation’s sea ports as well as wellbeing of the citizens may be responsible for low growth and rising societal vices, Sunday INDEPENDENT investigations have shown. The quest to meet the high financial target has also opened room for corruption, typified by allowing banned items and dangerous drugs into the country. The agencies responsible for regulating business activities in the port industry as well as outside the ports include the National Agency for Food, Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC), Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA), Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA) and Standards Organisation of Nigeria (SON). For instance, Moji Adeyeye, Director General of NAFDAC, which is expected back at the ports any moment from now blames the current menace of drug abuse occasioned by overdose of codeine and tramadol to laxity of supervision and regulation. She said the current arrangement whereby the agency comes on invitation by the Customs authorities does not augur well for the sector. Buttressing the claim that most of these agencies are in the race for revenue generation for survival, she said what government does as far as NAFDAC is concerned is payment of salaries of staff as other needs are met from their internally generated revenue efforts. The director general further said on assumption of duty in November last year, she was confronted with over 5000 applications yet to be attended to while more than half of the over 3000 staff strength were using their private mail address as opposed to the government domain. She also said that she met a debt of N3.2 billion debt, which she attributed to wasteful spending. On the menace of the drug abuse, she blamed all the parties involved, including the supervisory ministry, Pharmaceutical Council of Nigeria (PCN), stressing that no country is greater than its youth. She added that the current assertion that 40 percent of our youth are on drugs with majority of them from the North is unfortunate and needs regulatory control and stricter penalties for erring doctors, pharmacists by the regulatory authorities. But, some stakeholders said at the weekend that both the regulators and the agencies have been compromised as well as abdicated their responsibilities for revenue making ventures. Also, it was gathered that NIMASA now operates not as a technical regulator set up to ensure safety of shipping, but as a money making organisation as emphasises are no longer on how many new ships Nigerians have been able to buy, and how many operators have been empowered from the Cabotage Vessel Financing Fund (CVFF) and the Ship Acquisition and Ship Building Fund (SASBF). For instance, Friday Ameh, energy analyst says that it is a matter of regret that NIMASA, which is the agency that has the responsibility to mid-wife growth in the shipping industry especially as regards achieving the intentions of Cabotage, ensuring cleaner ocean, ensuring safe and secure shipping, and enhancing maritime capacity in line with the global best practices for economical development, now concentrates more on collecting SASBF levy; CVFF levy; Sea Protection and Pollution levies; Environmental levy and dockworkers levy among others. Findings revealed also that NPA, which is saddled with the responsibility of providing safe and navigable channels; maintaining port facilities and equipment as well as ensuring safety and security at the ports, now concentrates energy on creating several levies and fees for both ships calling Nigerian ports and the terminal operators. The implication is that all eyes are on the Lagos ports which is the major revenue generating one at the expense of other ports, even as some are yet to be dredged to receive ships For instance, last week a maritime operator, Simon Asite, urged the Federal Government to prevail on the International Maritime Organisation (IMO) to remove the black spot label placed on Warri Port. Asite, also the President, Delta Association of Chamber of Commerce Industry, Mines and Agriculture (DACCIMA), said  it will also have a multiplier effect on maritime activities when the Warri/Escravos Bar is eventually dredged. “Dredging the Warri/Escravos bar is one thing, but there is also a need to correct the erroneous impression that Warri Port is not safe for business. “The black spot label placed by the IMO has prevented Baco Liners (vessels that carry containers) from sailing into the port. “It is my appeal to the Federal Government to prevail on the IMO to remove this label.” He however, commended the Federal Government for approving contract for dredging of the Warri/Escravos channels, saying that it would help to revive the moribund Delta Ports, and consequently boost employment. SON, which is saddled with the responsibility of quality standards for both manufactured and imported products and services, is alleged to have rather  succeeded in impeding international trade through alleged less attention to regulating quality standards on the alter of revenue generating by placing high premium on fees and penalties on SONCAP certification. The post Concerns As NAFDAC, NIMASA, NPA Dump Responsibilities For Revenue Drive appeared first on Independent Newspapers Nigeria. Concerns As NAFDAC, NIMASA, NPA Dump Responsibilities For Revenue Drive