 The World Cup is a four-year circle. And at every tournament, referees are sine qua non. Without referees, the World Cup will not hold. But referees are invited by FIFA based on laydown criteria. Each referee is selected based on his skills; personality; his understanding of the game and ability to read both the game and the various tactics employed by teams. The next edition of the World Cup would kick off in Russia next month with Nigeria producing none of the referees, nor has the country ever produced any at any of the previous World Cups. The reason is because FIFA considers Nigerian referees not good enough to referee at the highest level of football. It is not only at the global level that Nigerian referees have been given the ‘cold shoulder’, in Africa; Nigerian referees are only tolerated by the Confederation of African Football (CAF), the body that organises football in the continent. To drive home this point, CAF has organised the Africa Cup of Nations, its flagship tournament 26 times since 1980, but at no time has any Nigerian referee given the responsibility to referee the final of the Nations Cup. And the only reason is that Nigerian referees do not command the confidence of the organisers to do a thorough job. If no Nigerian referee is good enough to referee such a high profile football match in Africa, then something is fundamentally wrong with the quality of Nigerian referees. I remember vividly that Late Patrick Okpomo, the erudite football administrator, upbraided Col Dogo Yabilsu (also of blessed memory) for failing to cleanse the referee union on the premise that, that was the reason why he was asked to head the referee body. This has proven that football top officials are worried that the country’s referees are not getting the desired recognition because of the quality of referees produced in the country. Even, Amaju Pinnick, when elected president of the Nigeria Football Federation NFF), expressed his commitment to the improvement of refereeing in the country. This was one of his cardinal programmes. To make good this promise, referees were the first set of officials sent on capacity building programme in Europe. But last month, CAF descended on a Nigerian referee,   Joseph Ogabor, banning him for one year from all football related activities. His offence was trying to manipulate the CAF Confederation Cup match between Plateau United and UM Alger of Algeria in Lagos. The South African referee, who reported the incident to CAF, said that the referee offered him a bribe of $30,000.00, about N10.80 million. Like the adage, charity begins at home, what Ogabor was accused of is something that has reigned supreme in the Nigerian league. Manipulation of results in the league is normal. Referees ‘manufacture’ penalties for home teams without batting an eye. We all know that a prominent feature of the Nigerian Professional Football League is that home teams win their games. Without the connivance of referees such would have become a thing of the past. But the NFF must not allow the matter to be swept under the carpet. It must be investigated. The question the NFF must answer is who gave him this money? I am sure the fund does not belong to the referee. In a situation where clubs cannot pay their players’ salaries and allowances as at when due, but are in a position to offer $30,000 bribe, calls to question the administrative acumen of those parading themselves as ‘club owners’. These are club administrators, who have long discarded the idea of adequately preparing a team for championship through recruiting quality players; coaches; having quality up to date backroom staff and many more, but believe  that  bribing of referees is a surer way to victory. In Nigerian league, it is called ‘tactical’. If the Nigerian referees are not ashamed of themselves, other stakeholders are covering themselves with shame. The question we need to ask ourselves is why is it that referees don’t reject such unholy offers and report the authorities?  It is simply because of our greedy nature. In this country, money is our God. No one cares about how you make your money. What people are concerned about is that you have money. Whether one gets the money through ritual activities, armed robbery, or any fraudulent means is not the concern of anybody. What people want to know is that he is wealthy. In short we worship money in this clime. And in such country, anything goes. Again why will the referees not constitute themselves as lord of the minor when there is no means of truly assessing them? The league is no longer on television. The result is that anything goes during matches. I am sure before the League Management Committee decided to seek the withdrawal of about 15 referees over poor performance last month, there performances must be appalling. It was a weekend when nine questionable penalties were awarded to home teams, especially at the dying moments of the game to completely alter the outcomes. Some home teams came back from the dead while others “earned” three precious points as a result. The NFF must go beyond just punishing referees; team officials involved in such unholy act must also be punished. Why the world is doing everything possible at improving the quality of the game, through quality innovations such as the VAR, Nigeria has even taken the game off television giving home teams and the referees the free ticket to do and undo. Also the NFF needs to review upwards referees indemnities. The football body must ensure that all loopholes that will give club owners easy access to referees must be blocked. The NFF should as matter of urgency ensure that referees no longer depend on handouts from officiating. The referees must be those who see the job as an opportunity of advancing the game not a means of livelihood. The post Shame Of A Nation Shame Of A Nation