Lagos – Experts in the nation’s power sector blamed Nigeria’s poor economic performance on an insufficient power supply in the country They spoke at Third Edition of the Nigeria Energy Forum o in Lagos with the theme: ‘Accelerating Access To Sustainable Energy For All”, where they emphasized that a strong economic growth is vital for social development. Speaking, Mr. Suleiman Yusuf, Chief Executive Officer, Blue Camel Energy, s said that due to poor power supply, companies had relocated to Ghana to manufacture their products and brought it back to sell in Nigeria at higher prices. “But it is disappointing that an economy of over 190 million generates less than 10,000megawatts and distributes even less. Continuous tinkering with the structure of power supply and distribution and close to 20 billion dollars expended since 1999 have only brought darkness, frustration, misery, and resignation among Nigerians. “Despite the installed petroleum products refining capacity of 445,000 barrel per day and electricity generation capacity in excess of 8,000 MW. Nigeria imports over 70 percent of its petroleum products requirement, while electricity supply is inadequate at just about 3,000 MW now. Over 20,000 MW of power is generated daily from privately owned fossil-fired plants to meet up with electricity demand,” he said. He advised the Federal government to embrace renewable energy in order to fill the gap created by this deficit. Mr. Houssam Azem, the Chief Executive Officer, Lumos Nigeria, said power production and distribution in the country was far less than what is actually needed, adding that 75 percent of all generated output in Nigeria does not reach the intended end users. “While the minimum capacity requirements for Nigeria are put at 50,000mw, we are currently producing less than 4,000mw. 8 in 10 Nigerians rely on an alternative source of the power supply as erratic power supply persists. 85 percent Micro Small and Medium Entrepreneurs (MSMEs) rely on power generators for electricity while over 61 percent SMEs rely on generators. ‘So, 60million Nigerians own generators with an estimated annual spend of N3.5trillion and another 15million do not have an alternative to the National Grid,” he said. He urged the government to provide a right policy to encourage private investment in off-grid solutions. Mrs. Vera Nwanze, the General Manager, Azuri West Africa, said that lack of access to electricity hinders development and growth, stressing that 80 million Nigerians in off-grid areas still rely on potentially hazardous sources of lighting. The Forum Co-Chair, Engr. Adekunle Makinde bemoaned the attitude of wasting energy in the society, despite the energy deficient status of the country and  urged all to embrace modern energy friendly equipment and fittings, to save energy the more, thus making more available for every user. The post Experts Blame Nigeria’s Economic Misery On Epileptic Power Supply appeared first on Independent Newspapers Nigeria. Experts Blame Nigeria’s Economic Misery On Epileptic Power Supply