 LAGOS – It was memorable and tremendous event last weekend, specifically on Friday through Saturday the 4th and 5th May 2018, when Agbede Kingdom marked the 40-day of the departure of their monarch, Oba Momoh Sani Momodu 11 in accordance with the Islamic injunction. In fact, the entire Agbede Town in Etsacko West Local Government Area  of Edo State was agog with prominent men and women of the Kingdom as well as friends and well wishers trooping into the town to witness the 40-day ‘Inna Lillahi Wa Inna Lillahi Rajihun’ of the departed Oba. The Monarch joined his ancestors on the 25th of March, 2018 and was buried same day in line with Islamic rites. Oba Momoh Sani Momodu was born on October 23, 1939 to the Royal family of Agbede Township in Etsacko West Local Government Area of Edo State. He was coronated as the monarch of Agbede on the 27th  of February, 1959. The  8-day Fidau prayers for the departed king ‘Inna Lillahi Wa Inna Lillahi Rajihun’ was  also observed with pump and pageantry  on the 1st of April, 2018. Speaking about the departed monarch, Anefi Omohudu Bayan, a prominent indigene of the Town, said he would be sorely missed. “To me as a Muslim I know that one day every mortal will have to answer this  call. I know we shall all go back one day. For Oba Monoh Sani Momodu ll, I grew up to meet him as a young Oba, who had the interest of his people at heart. We loved him very much and he had a great impact on us while we were growing up.” According to Anefi, his reign was peaceful and brought a lot of development to the Town, both in education and infrastructure. “ We were very happy to have him as our king.” Writing further  in his tribute and condolence to the late Monarch, Anefi stated: “My Uncle the King of Aviele land once told the Commissioner of Police and the Commandant of Military Garrison Command in Benin city some years ago about  a crises his nephew had with other students in school and they decided sending the Army and police to search for him, what if he decides to send all the hunters in Ayuele clan to also come to the school for my sake as a result of the crises. They both denied having knowledge of it and would take a decisive action upon investigation. The case died immediately. Today he’s no more and that’s what I would never forget him for.” May his gentle soul rest in peace, Anefi prayed. Recalled that Oba  Momoh Sani Momodu II ,was  one of the long-serving traditional rulers in Estako and Edo State, who was the Paramount Ruler of Agbede Community of Aviele Clan for 59 years, before he joined  his ancestors in his country home. Following his demise, the  Edo State Deputy Governor, Philips Shaibu, who was on an official visit to the Ewu Monastery, took time off to pay condolence visit to the Oba’s palace and was received on behalf of the family by Honourable Abdullateef Momodu. Also, Honourable Momodu, speaking about the life and time of his late father said he would be remembered for so many things: “A Lot of things. First, he will be greatly missed and remembered for his peaceful disposition. He was a very peaceful man, who never discriminated against any person based on tribe, religion or gender. It was, therefore, no surprise that throughout his reign, Agbede town never had an issue(s) with any of our neighbouring towns and villages. My late father was a complete man of peace. He will be remembered for all the good things anybody can possibly think of.” According to him, the late monarch was a good and kind father to his children and almost all the people that encountered him, adding that took very good care of his children alongside his subjects. “He was always there for everybody. He was always putting pressure on government to come and help develop Agbede. He wanted everything good and made all possible efforts to ensure Agbede was developed to the stage it is now. He succeeded to a reasonable extent because he, today, attracted all the modern amenities in Agbede. All these things he did with relish, until he became sick and could no longer do some of the things he was known for.” On his relationship with other traditional rulers in Etsako land and Edo State, Momodu noted: “He had a very cordial relationship with all traditional rulers in Etsako and Edo State. No friction whatsoever. He was very friendly with all of them, especially the Onojies of Ewato, Ekpoma, Igueben and Ewu. They were all his friends. Back home in Etsako land, he had a very smooth relationship with all the traditional rulers. The relationship was such that the traditional rulers accord us his children great respect on that account. His relationship with the traditional ruler of Ewu town and Ewu people is worth mentioning. He saw Ewu people not just as neighbours, but also as his personal relations because our grandmother is from the Ewu royal family.” The post Life And Times Of Oba Momodu II Of Agbede  Life And Times Of Oba Momodu II Of Agbede