The people of Enugu East Senatorial Zone of Enugu State, yesterday, at a solidarity rally, pledged their  support for the re-election of Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi for his good works in the state. The people of Nkanuland, through a motion moved by the former Minister of Power, Prof. Barth Nnaji, seconded by the former Military Administrator of Abia State, Col. Anthony Obi (rtd)   and put to voice vote by the former Minister of Information, Hon. Frank Nweke, unanimously endorsed Governor Ugwuanyi for a second term in office. They said that Gov. Ugwuanyi has engendered peace and good governance in the state, adding that his “uncommon leadership style” has favoured the people of Nkanuland in so many ways. The event, which was attended by other notable stakeholders of the zone, such as the Speaker of the State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Edward Ubosi; Senator Gil Emeka Nnaji and his colleagues in the National Assembly; members of the State Assembly and State Executive Council, Council Chairmen, including Lady Jane Nnamani, wife of the former President of the Senate, Senator Ken Nnamani, among others, also witnessed the presentation an endorsement register signed by the stakeholders of the zone. Also speaking, the State Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Hon. Augustine Nnamani explained that the rally was a mass gathering of all the people of Nkanuland in   appreciation of the governor’s “inclusive,   people-oriented and development driven leadership”. The Speaker of the State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon Ubosi said he was overwhelmed by the governor’s peace and good governance initiatives in Nkanuland in particular and the state in general, stressing that serving a second term would enable him complete the good works he has started in the state. Responding, Gov. Ugwuanyi thanked the people of Nkanuland for their support, solidarity, goodwill, prayers and endorsement, urging to intensify efforts towards the ongoing voters registration for continuation of good governance in Enugu State. The post Enugu East Sen. Zone endorses Ugwuanyi for second term  Enugu East Sen. Zone endorses Ugwuanyi for second term