By Henry Umoru ABUJA—THE senate, yesterday ordered the management of Micheal Okpara Federal University of Agriculture, Umudike, Abia State to as a matter of urgency, re-absorb the suspended Kalu Samuel and the 348 other staff into the nominal roll as regular staff of the institution. According to the senate, the action has become imperative because the suspended staff were issued certificates of compliance in that  regard. The resolution of the senate followed the adoption of  Senator Samuel Anyanwu, PDP, Imo East-led Senate Committee on Ethics, Privileges and Public Petitions Report,  in respect of a petition from Kalu Samuel and 348 others against the institution for unlawful suspension from office. The senate  also asked the Senator Barau Jibrin, APC, Kano North-led Senate Committee on Tertiary Institutions and TETFUND to ensure compliance. According to Anyanwu in the report, the Vice Chancellor of the University, Professor Francis Ogbonnaya Otunta recruited Kalu Samuel and 348 Staff as temporary staff to close existing staff  gaps during the life of the 5th Governing Council of the Institution. In the presentation of the report, he said that the committee observed that the sanction was hurriedly approved by the governing council of the school when  a new Vice Chancellor took over from the previous council and Vice Chancellor. Also yesterday, the senate ordered    the Niger Delta Power Holding Company, NDPHC, to reinstate its General Manager (Audit and Compliance), Mrs Maryam Danna Mohammed who was disengaged on June 10, 2016 by the company. The decision of the senate followed the adoption of Senator Samuel Anyanwu, PDP, Imo East-led Senate Committee on Ethics, Privileges and Public Petitions report in respect of a petition from Mrs Mohammed against the NDPHC for wrongful termination of her appointment and also directed NDPHC to pay all her entitlements Chairman of the committee, Senator Samuel Anyawu who read the report observed that prior to her disengagement, there was no meeting presided over by the chairman of the Board, Vice-President, Yemi Osinbajo or any other member of the Board of the NDPHC where the decision to disengage her was taken. The committee also oberved: ‘’That the disengagement of the officer along with the Executive Management and Executive Directors of NDPHC was out of order because due process in accordance with terms and conditions of the employment and disengagement of officers in the company was not followed. ‘’That the officer was not accused of any offence or queried or suspended prior to her disengagement. ‘’That the senate hereby mandates the NDPHC to reinstate Mrs Maryam Danna Mohammed and pay all her entitlements because her disengagement did not follow due process.” Senator Baba Kaka Bashir Garbai (Borno central, APC) had come under Order 41 on the floor of the senate on November 23, 2017 to draw the attention of his colleagues to a petition from his constituent, Mrs Mohammed against NDPHC for wrongful termination of her appointment. The post Senate orders Michael Okpara varsity to re-absorb suspended Samuel, 348 others  Senate orders Michael Okpara varsity to re-absorb suspended Samuel, 348 others