It was another day of honour for music legend and General Overseer of Decross Gospel Mission, Evangelist Ebenezer Obey-Fabiyi, when he transfered the baton of the leadership of his evangelical ministry to his son, Reverend Folarin Obey-Fabiyi as the deputy general overseer of the church. The ordination ceremony, which came along with Obey’s 76th special birthday thanksgiving service at the church premise in Agege, Lagos, graced dignitaries from all walks of life, notable ministers of God and stakeholders in the music industry including Archbishop john Osa-oni; Reverend (Mrs) Esther Ajayi, ex- Foursquare President, Reverend G.O Adebajo, Reverend Issac Omoleyin, Revenred J.B. Odofin; Pastor Gabriel Aminu, Dele Momodu, Sir Shina Peters and Kenny Saint Best. The Miliki king said that it was high time the mantle of leadership was passed to the young and vibrant generation, because the work of God had to move on from one generation to another. “I am doing this in preparation for my retirement, even though we cannot retire from the work of God. But, we can sit back and see the work going on to the glory of God. This is what we are witnessing today. “I want to state here that the position of the General Overseer in Decross Gospel Mission is that of a Bishop to oversee the ministry. The second part of the ordination will be come up during our convention in November/December, when we shall fully ordain others who have fulfilled the procedure of ordination in DGM,” Obey stated. The musician-cum-evangelist was delighted to witness the celebration in what he tagged an ‘unlimited blessing’ as he clocked 76, as well as passing the baton of the ministry to my son as the deputy General Overseer. The newly installed DGO, Folarin Obey Fabiyi said: “I give God praise for the grace that counted worthy to be elevated to the office of the Deputy General Overseer of this great ministry. This is, no doubt, a call for greater responsibilities and I know the God of my father will see me through. I rejoice with other ministers of God that have also been promoted. I believe God will use this elevation to open new chapter for Decross Gospel Mission in Jesus name”. The post Ebenezer Obey passes baton of ministry to son appeared first on Tribune. Ebenezer Obey passes baton of ministry to son