…Says‘I’ve not been well fed’ …Drama as Evans refuses to disembark from Black Maria By Onozure Dania LAGOS—There was mild drama, yesterday, at a Lagos High Court sitting at Igbosere when suspected billionaire kidnap kingpin, Chukwudumeme Onwuamadike a.k.a Evans, refused to alight from the Black Maria that took him to court. When the case was mentioned, Lagos State Director of Public Prosecutions, DPP, Titilayo Shitta-Bey, told the court that Evans refused to disembark from Black Maria. The judge  ordered prison warders to bring him into the court. He was then brought into the court barefooted with his back filled with sand and his green Tee-shirt torn on the right shoulder. When docked, he raised his hands to be given audience. I’ve not been well fed —Evans He said: “I have an explanation to make. Since I have been in the maximum prison, they have been maltreating me: no visit, they don’t feed me well, I have eye problem and I cannot see far. “What have I done to you people? They have been beating me, there is no good food, I have been locked up in one place since August 30, last year. Why are they taking my case personal? “Let me face my trial alive; why do you people want to kill me?” We’ve been treating him very well—Warder However, a prison warder from Kirikiri Maximum Prison, told the court that Evans was well cared for. The warder also said a doctor had been seeing Evans after he complained about his health. The warder said: “We have been treating him very well; he is well fed, and people have been visiting him; a doctor has been checking him; the doctor checked him yesterday and even this morning before he was brought to court. The doctor says he is healthy and can be brought to court.” The Lagos State Government had brought a fresh five-count charge bordering on conspiracy to kidnap, kidnapping and attempted murder against Evans and three others. Evans is charged alongside Joseph Emeka, Ugochukwu Nwachukwu and Victor Aduba. Evans is just making it up—DPP In her response to the alleged maltreatment of the defendants  the state DPP, Ms Shitta-Bey, said Evans was just making it up, as he is being treated well, and that doctor has also been attending to him. She said: “That was the same thing he said before an Ikeja High Court and we wrote the prisons and they wrote us back that he was being taken care of like every other inmate.” Justice Akintoye, however, asked the prisons to ensure that he was well taken care of like the other inmates, adding that the defendants are still presumed innocent until proven guilty. Judge stands down case However, Justice Akintoye stood down the matter pending when the first defendant’s counsel, Mr Olukoya Ogungbeje will be around. Ogungbeje had sent in a letter that the court should stand down the case as he was on his way, but the prosecutor, Shitta-Bay, told the court that it might be another tactic to delay the matter again, adding that at the last adjourned date, he had also sent in a letter that he had an appeal on March 22, before the court of appeal. She said: “After he sent in a letter that he had an appeal before the court of appeal, we later discovered that the appeal was already taken on March 20 and not on March 22. In the second charge, Evans is being tried alongside Joseph Emeka, Linus Okpara and Victor Aduba. The second defendant’s counsel, Ogedi Ogu, also told the court that his client had also been complaining of the same thing. However, Evans was arraingned alongside Joseph Emeka, Linus Okpara and Victor Aduba on a two count charge of  conspiracy and unlawful capture, preferred against them by the Lagos State Director of Prosecutions. The case has been adjourned until May 25 for trial. The post Evans lies, we’ve been treating him very well — Warder Evans lies, we’ve been treating him very well — Warder