 The rappers were captured in a photo that looked liked they were having a heart to heart conversation. The rappers were captured in a photo that looked liked they were having a heart to heart conversation at the event on Monday, May 7, 2018. This year's MET Gala, which held at New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute, was themed "Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination." Nicki, dressed in bright red Oscar de la Renta gown, said she chose the sultry dress and bejeweled headpiece because she wanted to play the more sinful side of this year's theme. ALSO READ: Rihanna arrives MET Gala in pearled number, matching crown, robe While pregnant Cardi B stunned in a custom Moschino dress, which was said to have taken four weeks to craft. She topped it off with a tri-point hat covered in pearls, rhinestones, jewels, a stacked beaded choker, and pink smoky-eye makeup. The Gala was co-hosted by fashion icon Donatella Versace, prominent human rights lawyer Amal Clooney, Grammy award-winning artist Rihanna and Vogue Editor-In-Chief, Anna Wintour. MET Gala 2018: Nicki Minaj, Cardi B set aside rumoured beef at fashion biggest night The pop star rocks a short dress bedazzled with pearls as well as matching robe and crown as she poses on the Met Gala red carpet. Rihanna has arrived the venue of the Met Gala for the 2018 edition of the charity event and as usual, she slays!The pop star… May 7, 2018 In "News" Following Cardi B’s Billboard chart topping success, Controversial female emcee Azealia Banks has hit out at the Latina rapper. Banks under the username @xocheapy, took to Twitter on Monday night to deliver yet another opinion on the heels of Cardi B’s widely celebrated “Bodak Yellow” chart topping success in a series of… September 27, 2017 In "Gist" The rapper had earlier shut down rumours that she was pregnant, saying that she was just growing fat. Rapper, Cardi B is pregnant and expecting a child with her fiancé, rapper Offset in July.According to TMZ, the rapper had earlier shut down rumours that she was pregnant, saying that she… March 15, 2018 In "News"