 If you ever find yourself with a girlfriend who has trust issues, here are ways to help her become more trusting. In a generation that quickly wants to dump and move on to the next, it’ll be refreshing to be the partner who tries to help another move beyond some insecurity and imperfection as opposed to giving up on them in the search for perfection. So if you ever find yourself with a girlfriend who has trust issues for some reason but is willing to change that, here are ways to help her become more trusting. It’s a no-brainer, right? You cannot help someone forget something if you keep bringing it back to their consciousness. If your girlfriend is to drop the distrust that has been built from previous relationships or other sources, finding trustworthiness in you will be a good starting point for that. ALSO READ: How it feels when your girlfriend has trust issues You know what they say about Rome and building, yeah? In a case where your partner’s lack of trust has been imbued with time, it’s going to take some time to chip away at that distrust and you should be willing to grant them that time. Patience is key. Never forget. Your trustworthiness is an act. Your assurance should be in the words you speak. Remind her regularly that she can trust you, that you are there if she has anything to say to you. You shouldn’t have to do this, but in a relationship as this, normalcy is apparently not the order of the day. So you should always make her feel encouraged to come to you with her fears, her biggest worries and darkest secrets. You have to be open to all of it. That’s the only way to break through that iceberg of distrust. Relationships: 3 simple things to do if your girlfriend has trust issues Don't shoot the messenger here. Having a healthy, stable, loving relationship is one of life&apos;s greatest joys, and one that no man should take for granted. The bad news is, however, it&apos;s more than likely that if you&apos;re a guy who dates women, your long-term girlfriend, wife, or partner is… September 17, 2017 In "News" Being in a relationship with a disabled person can be demanding. Here are some tips to keep in mind, writes JOY MARCUS Be respectful  Your partner should be accorded the same amount of respect as anyone else. He or she should be seen as a person and not an impairment.… July 9, 2017 In "News" Being in a relationship with a disabled person can be demanding. Here are some tips to keep in mind, writes JOY MARCUS Be respectful  Your partner should be accorded the same amount of respect as anyone else. He or she should be seen as a person and not an impairment.… July 9, 2017 In "News"