By Prince Osuagwu Foremost Enterprise Content Management Solution service provider, Busicon Nigeria Limited has set up an application competition for youths who have ideas that can solve Nigeri’a myriad problems and called for entry to the maiden Busicon App Challenge in a well-attended media conference held in Lagos. Besides the exposure such youths could get contesting in the challenge, the organisers say the winner of the challenge will walk home with N1 million. Speaking at the media conference, Director, Tech Services, BusiconNigeria Limited, Ayo Akanbi said the Busicon App Challenge is an initiative of Busicon Group Limited meant to encourage youth participation in ICT and to aid an innovative mentality. Akanbi added that Busicon is a second generation ICT Solutions company that is concerned about ICT development in Africa most especially for the coming generation, “that is why we are investing in the youth. There is prize money of N1 million for the winning entry. “Beyond the Prize money, participants will enjoy exposure to both local and international companies that are ready to either partner or fund Tech Startups in Nigeria,” he added. Speaking about modalities of the contest, Director, Sales and Marketing, Busicon Nigeria Limited, Damilola Akanbi said the contest will last for six weeks, “the first two weeks will be for entry submission, while contestants will spend the remaining four weeks to develop their ideas.” Akanbi added that entries will be judged by reputable local and international ICT professionals. The winning entry must provide solution to an existing challenge, it must be implementable and should be achievable with minimum budget. Director Business development, Busicon Nigerian Limited, Yeside Ireobhude said after this maiden edition the company is open to partnership that will expand the contest and increase the prize money so that the winner can start a business with the money. The contest is open to both male and femaleApp developers within the ages of 18-35 years old. The post Busicon App challenge winner to win N1 million Busicon App challenge winner to win N1 million