 Lagos – Following the violence and irregularities that marred the ward congress of the All Progressives Congress (APC) held on Saturday throughout the country, culminating in the death of at least two persons, proponents of tenure extension on Sunday said they have been vindicated over their claims that given the divisions in most state chapters of the party, it will be advisable not to have elections now. Violence and alleged irregularities were witnessed in several states including Bauchi, Delta, Ebonyi, Enugu, Oyo, Abia, Imo and Rivers. One person was killed in Rivers and another in Delta while a local government secretariat was razed down in Bauchi State during the congress. It would be recalled that in its meeting in February, the National Executive Committee (NEC) of the party extended the tenure of its national leadership and that of its state executive committees. However, citing the Nigerian constitution and the constitution of the APC, President Muhammadu Buhari raised objections to the plan to extend the tenure of elected and appointed executives of the ruling party at all levels, saying this will save the party from the series of lawsuits that would arise from the extra year handed the executives. Speaking after the fall-out of Saturday’s congresses, a member of the party’s National Working Committee (NWC), who spoke with DAILY INDEPENDENT on condition of anonymity, said he is not surprised by the outcome because they already envisaged that such scenario will play out if elections are conducted. “I am not surprised by these developments across the various states yesterday (Saturday). The congresses have only exposed to the world the divisions in the party. Some of these crises are being managed well by the party leaders in the respective states. So many people didn’t know about them but with the congresses, they were highlighted for the whole world to see. I think we have been vindicated. “We want the best for this party when we supported tenure extension which was approved by NEC but some people think we wanted it for personal interests. Now the results are visible for everyone to see”, he said. Also speaking, another chieftain of the party from Rivers State, who also supported tenure extension, said what happened at the ward congresses is just a fraction of what will happen when other elections will be conducted. He argued that conducting elections now is not in the best interest of the party. “I don’t want to sound pessimistic but we have all seen what happened on Saturday. To me, that is a microcosm of what will happened when elections are conducted in the state and other levels”, he said. However, speaking with DAILY INDEPENDENT, Prince Tony Momoh, a former Minister of Information and a national leader of the APC, said while he is not impressed about the outcome of the congresses, those calling for tenure extension cannot be justified because it is not undemocratic. He argued that the party cannot say because there will be violence if election is conducted and jettison the constitution, adding that if there is problem, it is better to address it now and find a solution to it instead of postponing the evil day. “I am not necessarily impressed by the outcome but it was to be expected. Where many people are gathered, they are bound to congregate in ways they know best, either in peace or war. Democracy is a talk shop where people express their ideas. “How can they say if there is election in the party there will be violence? We choose democracy and one way of sustaining democracy is going back to the people because sovereignty belongs to the people of Nigeria. It is necessary to go back to the people to renew your mandate. So, you can’t run away from election. “If we are not ripe for democracy, then we should look for other ways of running government. But the best form of government now is democracy and we are learning. It is better now compared to when we started in 1999. So, you cannot because we have hiccups here and there, therefore we should avoid challenge”, he said. To Yinka Odumakin, National Publicity Secretary of Afenifere, the violence that trailed the congresses as well as the governorship primary in Ekiti shows that the APC is incapable of managing the affairs of the country. “It portrays that the ruling party has a big problem on its hands. In the first place that you have 33 aspirants contesting for the ticket of the party in a state says a lot especially when you consider that there were allegations of manipulations here and there. “We could have said it is an internal affairs but the way you handle your internal affairs is the way you handle the entire country and that is why the whole country is worried about what happened in Ekiti and at the congresses nationwide. “A party that wants to conduct election nationwide cannot conduct primary in just one state without rancour, bitterness and allegations of compromise. That has very serious implications for our democracy”, Odumakin said. APC Urges Aggrieved Members To Seek Redress In Appeal Panels Meanwhile, despite violence and alleged irregularities that marred the congresses in many states, the party described the conduct of the elections as “generally peaceful.” It called on its members that may have been aggrieved following the conduct of its Saturday ward congress across the country to seek redress in its Appeal Panel. Bolaji Abudulahi, the party’s National Publicity Secretary, made the call in a statement on Sunday in Abuja. He, however, congratulated all members of the party, saying that the conduct of the congress was generally peaceful. “The party especially commends members who served in the congress committees for their dedication and impartiality. “We, however acknowledge that there are some issues arising from the conduct of the elections in some states. “With this in view, the party had set up various appeal committees which will begin sitting from Monday, May 7,” he said. Abudulahi, therefore, called on all party members across the federation to remain law abiding. He stressed that where there were issues, party members should seek redress through the appeal committees in their respective states. The post Crisis In APC Ward Congresses : We’ve Been Vindicated, Say Tenure Extension Advocates Crisis In APC Ward Congresses : We’ve Been Vindicated, Say Tenure Extension Advocates