 Lagos – More facts have emerged on the real motive a Lagos-based female lawyer murdered her husband in Lagos last week. Detectives investigating the alleged gruesome murder have revealed that the killer-wife’s action bordered on alleged indulgence of the late husband in extra-marital affairs. Findings also revealed that the killing was premeditated, as the suspect had procured a set of new knives with which she committed the heinous crime. Confirming the development while giving an update on the incident on Monday during a press briefing in Lagos, Edgal Imohimi, Commissioner of Police, Lagos State Command, said the suspect had confessed to the commission of the alleged crime. According to him, the suspect confessed to have sent a WhatsApp message to her sister in-law on the day of the incident, complaining about her husband and asked her to pray for them and ask God to forgive her. “Findings also revealed that the suspect had hit the deceased with a frying pan on his head before stabbing him with knife. That after stabbing the deceased in the stomach and seeing the intestines forced out, the suspect did not seek assistance from their neighbours, rather, she called her mother who was miles away that she had killed him,” the police boss said. That killing, according to him, is suspected to be premeditated as the suspect procured a set of new knives with which she used to execute her plan; that the suspect had packed all her certificates including O’level certificate and had made all arrangements to travel to the United Kingdom on Thursday morning May 3, 2018 by 5.00a.m. via Virgin Atlantic Airline. The Police Commissioner added that the weapon used in the execution of the act had been recovered by investigators. In addition, Edgal said the autopsy of the deceased is currently being carried out at the Lagos State University Teaching Hospital (LASUTH) by a team of pathologists, while the forensic analysis result is being compiled and would be made public. It would be recalled that the female lawyer named Udeme Odibi killed her husband in his sleep last Thursday at their residence at Diamond Estate in Sango Tedo area of Ajah. She was said to have stabbed the late husband, Otike Odibi, also a lawyer from Delta State, in his stomach, ripped it open, forcing out the intestine, cut the man’s penis and placed it in his right hand. After the commission of the crime, she was said to have attempted committing suicide before she was rescued by neighbours and taken to the hospital for treatment. The post Why Lagos Lawyer Killed Her Husband – Police  Why Lagos Lawyer Killed Her Husband – Police